you know , one of the great things that are going on in the travel of the travels and one of the people who are in the most of the time is to live with people who can remember the old days .
just know that the world is still going beyond the milky way or the meaning of the myths of the inuit , and that &apos;s the buddhist thing that &apos;s still going to be the breath of the story , but it &apos;s the idea that the world is in the world .
and of course , we all share the same more .
we &apos;re all born . we &apos;re going to bring kids to the world .
we &apos;re through the world .
we need to be able to do with the iraqi separation of death and so that it shouldn &apos;t surprise us that we all sing , dancing and art .
but interesting is the unique tone of the world &apos;s unique tone , the rhythm of dance in every culture .
it doesn &apos;t matter whether it &apos;s about the the forests of the forests in the woods , or the warrior in haiti , or the warrior in the middle of the sahara .
all these people teach us that it &apos;s other people &apos;s other way , other ways , other ways to wrap up on earth .
and that &apos;s a idea that if you think about it , you can just meet a hope .
together , the size of the world are going to form a net from the world , and cultural life , which is the earth &apos;s largest and important for the earth .
you can imagine this cultural amount of view as a computer system .
the most important legacy is the great legacy of humanity .
it &apos;s the symbol of all of what we &apos;re capable of , and what we &apos;re capable of as amazing species .
and as the biosphere was very much , it happened with the most amazing speed of the -- just worse speed .
no biologist would be saying to you that 50 percent or more of all kinds of species are based on extinction , because it &apos;s just not true . and yet , this -- the most of the time we &apos;re going to be known on the area of the cultural diversity .
and the key protocell for this is extinction .
when everybody was born in this room , they were 6,000 languages talking about the earth .
now , a language is not just the total of the vocabulary or a series of a series of water .
a language is expression of human mind .
it &apos;s a means that the soul of a certain culture is finding access to the material world .
every language is like a forest forest of the mind , a turning place , a game , a ecosystem , a ecosystem .
and from these 6,000 languages today , they &apos;re going to be in monterey , right now , half of the people don &apos;t get to the ears of children .
they &apos;re not taught the goldilocks sands . that means if nothing is going to be done , they &apos;re actually dead .
what could lonely be when being the silence of being a silence , one of the last of your people who talk to your language , no way to give the wisdom of the ancestors , or the hope of children ?
and yet , this terrible fate is actually someone else on earth , about all two weeks , because all two weeks , a higher person dies and take the last day of an old language .
and i know some of you say , &quot; isn &apos;t it better ? &quot; if we &apos;re all talking about a language ? &quot; and i say , &quot; well , let &apos;s say , let &apos;s go , let &apos;s say , let &apos;s go , let &apos;s say , let &apos;s go , let &apos;s say , let &apos;s go .
let &apos;s be a banker . &quot;
and then you would suddenly recognize how it would be , if you couldn &apos;t talk your own language .
so i want to take you in a journey today through the most of the time , a short journey through the most of the time to try to make you understand what &apos;s going on .
now there are some of us who forget that i &apos;m going to say , &quot; different possibilities of his , &quot; really different possibilities of his .
for example , take this child &apos;s child in the northwest of the amazon , the people of the most of the most of the time , believe that they &apos;re going to be the most of the the east of the east in sacred snakes .
this is a people who are different between the colors blue and green , because the forest is dependent on the forest , which is the people dependent on .
they have a strange language , and they &apos;re called the linguistic , the linguistic of the linguistic , and you have to marry somebody who talks a different language .
all of this is the way that the scaling past is in the alhambra past , the strange of these big houses , where the most of the six or seven languages are talking about , but you &apos;re never going to hear somebody who learns a language .
you just hear to and start talking .
or , one of the most intriguing tribes i &apos;ve ever lived with , the most of ecuador in the northeast of ecuador , an amazing people , the first year in 1918 .
in 1957 , five balls of contact are going to take contact and made a mistake .
they threw out the skills of the air , which we would grade as friendly gesture . they forgot that these people were never seen something in their lives .
they took these photographs from the forest forest , trying to see the face or the character , didn &apos;t find and the character , and they were killing the five balls of the spear .
but the most of killing didn &apos;t just kill the picture of the spear .
they &apos;re going to be more .
silhouette percent of the deaths happened through the world &apos;s .
we were looking back the eight generations , and we found two cases of a natural death and when we were doing the people with a floating thing , they gave them that one of the people was so old that he died because of his age .
but at the same time , they had a clear knowledge of the forest , which was amazing .
their hunters could smell the urine of a animal from 40 steps , and determine what animal scientists were .
in the early world , i got a really amazing task when my professor asked me to go to harvard and to the secret societies that were the foundation of the strength and the poison , which was used for that .
to give this big sense of a sense , i had to know something about this remarkable belief of the most remarkable faith of the black magic and chemists &apos;s not a single single millimeter .
in the contrary , it &apos;s a complex kind of worldview .
it &apos;s interesting .
if i asked them , the big world &apos;s world &apos;s great world , what would they say ?
christianity , islam , buddhism , the , or whatever .
a continent is always left , because the guess was that it &apos;s not going to be religious in sub-saharan africa , of course , there &apos;s a and chemists &apos;s broken religious thought that &apos;s the tragic diaspora .
but what &apos;s so interesting is that this is what the backbone is so interesting between the living and the dead .
the living space give birth to the spirits .
the spirits can be the great water of the water , answers to the rhythm of dance to engage the soul of the living , so that the most of the time for a short moment is going to be the god .
and the most important thing is , the most of the time , the most important thing is , &quot; your white goes into church and talk about god .
we dance in the temple and will be to god . &quot;
and because you &apos;re obsessed with the mind , you &apos;re going to be taken from the mind . how can you get damage ?
look at this amazing demonstrations : the most powerful demonstrations in a computer , the red coal without burning , a amazing graph of the ability to influence the body that this is the extreme , if it &apos;s going to be in a state of extreme arousal .
now , from all people i met , the terrace was the roman nevada de santa de in the most extraordinary .
offspring of the old civilization , the heart institute of colombia , moved to the ground of colombia and moved to the process of the model of the business .
in a computer continent , these people were the only ones that were never misunderstood from the most of the time .
until today , they &apos;re going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a ritual priesthood , but education is very extraordinary .
the young ones are separated in age three and four years of their families and in a small world of darkness , in the home of the glacier for 18 years .
and during this time , they &apos;re culturally introduced into the values of their society . values that sustain the claim that their prayers and only their prayers , the cosmic -- or we could say that ecological -- or we could say the ecological -- balance .
at the end of this amazing , it &apos;s going to be a day outside and the first time in your life , in age 18 years , you see a euphemism .
it &apos;s so wonderful . you have to protect it . &quot;
they call themselves the older brothers and say that we are the younger brothers for the destruction of the world .
now this level of intuition is going to be very important .
whenever we think about native and landscape , we either have a lot of the time and the old piece of the fancy wild up , which is in his mind , or the other thing , and they &apos;re more connected to nature than we .
so , native , native , are neither more native , they &apos;re going to be from the suburbs .
it &apos;s not a lot of space in the most of the way that the earth &apos;s in the most equal of the world &apos;s inner or the cold winds of tibet , but they still have a mystery of the earth that &apos;s not based on the idea , but on a far more subtle intuition , the idea of the earth .
now , what does that mean ?
it means that a mountain can be made from the khyber , that &apos;s going to be growing in the belief that the mountain is a more a bit of a sudden , and you will have a different relationship to this resource .
whether he &apos;s a juvenile mind or a bunch of times , is irrelevant .
the interesting thing is the metaphor that defined the relationship between the individual and nature .
i grew up in the woods of british colombia and believed that these forests are there to become more , more powerful .
that made me another person as my friends under the most of my friends , who believe that these forests are the forests of the millennium and the unemployed spirits , the spirit of the world .
now , if you start looking at the idea that these cultures can create different realities , you can understand some of their extraordinary discoveries .
it &apos;s a photograph i took only last april in the northwest of the amazon .
this is a lot of the time , from the many of you , the most powerful , the most powerful , the beaver of the repertoire of the proton .
what &apos;s fascinating is , what &apos;s fascinating is not just the potential potential of this kind of thing , but it &apos;s made by two different sources . on one side , there &apos;s this wooden progression of the family .
this plant contains some very strong amounts of water that serotonin , and the plants are very similar .
if you saw the most powerful , you &apos;ve seen the stuff that &apos;s found in the stuff that you make from different kinds of ways .
this powder is about a huge thing to be shot from a kind of a little bit like a kind of a bit of a sudden , and the landing of the paintings and the landing on a sea of electricity .
it &apos;s not going to create a bias of reality , but the resolution of reality .
i even have my professor , richard evan , who &apos;s the man who &apos;s the most the most the time the magic of the magic mushrooms in mexico . i said that you couldn &apos;t be able to get a hallucination .
but the thing with the most of the time is that they can &apos;t be taken in the way that they can &apos;t be taken through a human gut , of course , the way they &apos;re going to be the name of the human gut .
you can only be taken into connection with some other chemicals that the mao &apos;s mao .
now the fascinating thing is that the most amazing thing is that the most of the time that we have in the most of the time are , the way that they are necessary to be the most important thing .
how can these people be from a kite from 80,000 species of plants , not find these two main plants that are not going to find , if they combine this way , a kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of thing that &apos;s bigger than the sum of his parts ?
we use this great euphemism , trying and mistakes , which turns out as meaningless .
but you ask the indians say , &quot; the plant talks to us . &quot;
so , what does that mean ?
this tribe , the most of the time , have 17 varieties of the way that they all recognize in big distance in the forest that are a kind of way .
and then you ask them how they worship their own and they say , &quot; i thought you &apos;re going to understand something about plants .
i mean , you don &apos;t know anything ? &quot; and i said , &quot; no . &quot;
so , it turns out you take any of the 17 varieties of the six varieties of time and sing them in a different way .
now , that doesn &apos;t bring you a ph.d. in harvard , but it &apos;s much more interesting than counting a lot more interesting than a .
now , the problem is that even the problem is that even those of us have the sympathy for the difficult situation of native american , they &apos;re looking at the past , but they &apos;re kind of looking at the past while the real world , the world .
so , the fact is that you &apos;re not going to remember the 20th century , in 300 years , not for your wars or technical innovations , but rather than a era we were reduced to the world .
all cultures have involved again on the dance with new main types of things .
and the problem is not the technology .
the most powerful thing didn &apos;t hear less than being on sioux , when they bow and arrow , as americans stopped being americans than they stopped horse and the tasks .
not change and technology threaten the integrity of the most of the time , it &apos;s power . ugly face of the rule .
and wherever you &apos;re in the world , you &apos;re going to discover that these cultures are not the accumulation of the world . these are dynamic living peoples whose energy is going to be able to get away with the mud .
or if we go to the mountains of tibet , where i &apos;m going to work a lot of research , you will see ugly face of the political dominance .
you know , the genocide , the genocide extinction , is going to be convicted of people generally , but the most of the time that the destruction of the people , will not only be celebrated , but generally and more and a part of a half of a sudden .
and you can &apos;t understand that suffering , if you don &apos;t have experienced it on the level of the level .
i went to the world &apos;s young colleagues , and i went to the world &apos;s sake of the brain &apos;s head of the brain &apos;s brain in the world &apos;s health .
the father of this young , the father of this young , was identified as a tag of the .
that meant that he was killed during the chinese invasion .
his uncle &apos;s uncle with her holiness in the diaspora , which brought people to nepal .
his mother was locked in , as punishment for -- to be the crime wealthy .
he was in the age of two years in the prison to hide under her favorite , because they couldn &apos;t live without him .
the sister who did this brave was brought out in a computer .
one day she joined a bunch of a bunch of things , and for this kind of , she had to have a heavy set of labor camp .
the suffering of the world &apos;s suffering can be the same , but the most of the people &apos;s mind is something more than a little bit more .
and at the end , we &apos;re really going to be a choice . do we want to live in a world &apos;s world in the world &apos;s world or in a world &apos;s world ?
margaret &apos;s , the great anthropologist said before she died , it &apos;s their greatest fear that we &apos;re going to move towards a thread , a little bit of the bandwidth , but we would have a look at it .
and it &apos;s humbling to think that our species may exist for 600,000 years .
the most the revolution that brought us agriculture , and we &apos;re in this moment of the hubble system , the poetry of the priesthood , the poetry of the priesthood and the hierarchy of the hierarchy -- found only 10,000 years ago .
the modern industrial world like we know them is hardly 300 years old .
now , this shallow story doesn &apos;t tell me that we have all the answers to the challenges that we &apos;re going to stand on in the next millennia .
if we ask these of these steel , the meaning of human questions , they respond to 10,000 different voices .
and in this song , we &apos;re going to be the opportunity to be able to be what we are : people with full consciousness that are aware of the importance that all people and gardens have to flourish .
here &apos;s a photograph i took on the northern end of the world &apos;s end , when i went to the most of the time , and this man , i told you a wonderful story of his grandfather .
the canadian government is not always very good with the inuit , and during the most recent years of the world &apos;s time , they were forced to pull in settlements .
the grandfather refused to be refused to be .
the family , fear of his life , had all the weapons and all the tools .
now you have to know that the inuit don &apos;t have fear before the cold . they used them to their advantage .
the most of your brief of your nanny were originally made out of fish that was made in the middle of the place .
the grandfather &apos;s grandfather didn &apos;t take himself before the arctic night or the walk storm .
he &apos;s going to go out , he made his pants down from the street , and he &apos;s going to be in his hand . and when the garbage started to paste them , he shaped them into the shape of a a a a a series .
he &apos;s going to be a little bit of the pages of the street and when it was completely frozen , he &apos;s a dog .
he &apos;s going to get the dog and jo a a blade of a blade , took the skeleton of the dog and jo a refrigerator , put another dog on the front of the sea .
so you can do nothing like that .
and this is a symbol of the resistance of the inuit and all native american on the world .
the canadian government gave the inuit in april 1999 , the complete control of a field that is bigger than california and texas .
it &apos;s our new country and it &apos;s called the world &apos;s new country .
it &apos;s an independent area . it &apos;s all the most important .
an amazing example , like a nation , a state , the most of the time , can look for his people and can reach .
and finally , i think it &apos;s pretty obvious , at least for those of us who are traveling to these distant goals of the earth , to recognize that they &apos;re not away at all .
they &apos;re the most important of someone .
they represent parts of human imagination , which back in past times , and for all of us , the dreams of these children , like the dreams of our own children .
what we &apos;re trying to do in national geographic is that we believe politicians never achieve something .
we believe that the fact that we believe that we &apos;re not compelling , but we believe that storytelling can change the world and so we &apos;re probably going to get the best institution for storytelling in the world .
wise nations send our most of our bodies .
our magazines are read by millions .
and we can take a series of travel in the most of the time that we take our audience to places from such cultural wonders that they &apos;re cured of the world &apos;s and hopefully , they &apos;re going to be able to be able to find a very wealthy revelation in a really wealthy world .
thank you .
what i can do first is that so fast as possible , is the basic work , a new technology that we have microsoft as part of a year ago .
we see a lot of books in digital photographs here , which you &apos;re doing and you can see , in some way , can be connected to any other way .
and it doesn &apos;t matter how many information we look at , how big these collections are or how big the images are .
most of you are digital photographs of a camera , but this is a scan for example , and it &apos;s a scan of the tv rate and it &apos;s in a field of 300 .
it doesn &apos;t make any difference because the only thing that the performance of a system can be like this is the number of pixels on your screen in every moment . it also has a very flexible architecture .
this is a whole book , an example of the .
this is a house house of dickens . every column is a chapter .
to prove that it really is about a text and not a picture , we can do something like that to really show that this one is a real representation of the most of the time and no image .
maybe this is an artificial way to read a more .
i wouldn &apos;t recommend it .
this is a case of a case . this is a copy of the guardian .
every big picture is the beginning of a star .
and that &apos;s really what you &apos;re doing , and you really have a real experience of a magazine or a newspaper , which is a kind of medium with several scales .
we also did something about the corner of this particular copy of the guardian .
we designed a false display with very high resolution , which is much higher than a normal display , and we added extra content .
if you want to see the functions of this car , you can see them here .
or other models , or even technical penicillin .
and this is really what this is going to do , and this is what these ideas are available to the available place on the screen .
we hope that that doesn &apos;t mean a neighborhood and other nonsense -- that shouldn &apos;t be necessary .
of course , the mapping is one of the really obvious applications for a technology like this .
and i really don &apos;t want to spend a lot of time , except say that we &apos;re going to be doing this area .
but these are all the streets in the united states .
the top on the top of nasa &apos;s image .
let &apos;s get something else out now .
now , that &apos;s even live in the internet , and you can do it .
this is a project with the name of the name that connects two different technologies to connect .
one is a very good research and the other is a very good research about the noah who are using noah , a university of washington , under the advice of steve &apos;s favorite , under the advice of steve .
and rick &apos;s research was done by microsoft research , a very good collaboration .
so this is live in the internet . it &apos;s driven by the most of the time .
you can see that if we create this kind of views , which we can penetrate through images and make this experience of the separate resolution .
but the spatial structure of images is actually in fact .
the most important thing that they &apos;ve been doing is they were able to put these pictures together , and they were doing the real space that they all did near the most near the most difficult in the canadian .
i don &apos;t know exactly if i have time to show you other environments .
there are what the amount of spacecraft are .
i &apos;d like to show you a straight data data of noah and that &apos;s from a early prototype of the world we first worked on to show you what i think is really the punchline of this technology .
we had to worry about the lawyers so that we were worried .
this is a subset of the cathedral of 56 dame , which is just in the computer with images of flickr . give you 56 dame in flickr and you &apos;ll get pictures of men in t-shirts .
so this is all the most important , and they all stand in space in relation to each other .
and we can navigate these very simple ways .
you know , i never believed that i &apos;m going to work at microsoft .
i &apos;m very grateful for the reception here .
i suspect you can see that this is many different kinds of cameras : everything is about the most of the time to professional , a pretty large number of them .
and if possible , i &apos;m going to find some of the weird .
many of you are made of faces .
somewhere here are a series of photographs -- here they are .
this is actually a poster of 56 dame , which was right recorded .
we can change from the poster to a physical view of this environment .
the point is that we can do things with social environment . it &apos;s now collected data from all the collective memory of how , as visual the earth looks like -- and everything will be connected to each other .
all these photos are connected to each other and it &apos;s going to be something that is bigger than the sum of the parts .
they get a model that comes from all the earth .
look at this as the sequel of the work of stephen &apos;s work on virtual earth .
and that &apos;s something that &apos;s through the complexity , with people who use it , grows and use it for the user with the user .
their own photos are going to be a second with the second of the day that has a different person .
if someone has done the hard thing , and all these sacred reported and mention who they &apos;re all , my photo will suddenly be fooled by the ted .
and of course , byproduct all of these are the divine rich virtual models of every interesting part of the earth that they don &apos;t just have by the world &apos;s or satellite dunes and so on .
thank you .
do i understand it right ? your software allows you to get a certain time in the next few years , within the next few years , all the images that are going to be used in the world ?
yes . it doesn &apos;t make anything else than discover .
if you want to do it , you &apos;re going to be able to do it between the images .
and it does this because of the content in the images .
and that &apos;s really exciting when you think about the amount of the workforce , which many of these images have .
how if you do a little bit of a time for images , where you put sentences and contains the text of the website , many information is about that .
but how would it be if the picture you connected with all your images ?
then the scale of the professional and the amount of the equivalent of the nucleus is that it &apos;s really enormous . it &apos;s a classic of a classic .
blaise , that &apos;s really incredible . thank you congratulations .
thank you very much .
i &apos;m going to tell you some things from my book , like i hope , in the way , you know , in the other way , you &apos;ve heard about other things .
i want to start with what i call &quot; official &quot; .
the official of what ?
the official of all western societies are .
the official of the official works is like our goal of the common of our citizens , especially through the most of the freedom of freedom .
the reason that is that freedom is good in itself , valuable , sense , a turn of the human .
if people have freedom , everybody is from us to do things that maximize our public and nobody has to decide for us .
the way to maximize freedom is to maximize choice .
the more choices people have , the more freedom they have . and the more freedom they have , the more more important they have .
this is , i think , so deep in our water supply , that it would not come to the sense of question .
and it &apos;s also deeply deeply accurate in our lives .
i &apos;m going to give you some examples of what allows us to allow modern progress .
this is my supermarket . no big .
i just want to say something about the most about a little bit about the .
there are overwhelming amounts of the supermarket in my supermarket , if you don &apos;t get the 10 different extra extra extra and 12 times that you could buy to make a big number of your own in the store .
so that &apos;s how the supermarket is .
and then they go to the world &apos;s business to put a stereo -- speaker , a little bit of a , radio , radio , educated . and in this one electronics , there are so many rides .
we can put a million million different kinds of different prints of the components that are offered in this one business .
you have to admit that this is a big choice .
in other areas -- the world of communication .
there was a time when i was a boy , because you could have a boy , you could have the phone , as long as he came from a rebreather bell .
they ordered their phone . they didn &apos;t bought it .
one consequence of that was that the phone never broken .
these days are over .
we &apos;re now almost an infinite choice of phones , especially in the world of mobile phones .
these are the mobile phones of the future .
my favorite is the middle -- the middle of the middle -- the most recent , and the key of the torch .
and you should not have seen that in your business now , you can be sure you &apos;ll soon be it .
and what it does is it brings people to walk into business and ask this question .
now , you know what the answer is to this question ?
the answer is &quot; no . &quot;
it &apos;s not possible to buy a mobile phone that doesn &apos;t do too much .
in other aspects of life , the very much more important than buying objects are true , the same explosion of choice is to be .
health care -- it &apos;s not longer the case in the united states that you go to the doctor and tell you what to do .
instead , they go to the doctor and the doctor says , we could do a do or we could make b .
a has this benefits and risks .
b has this benefits and risks . what do you want to do ?
and they say , &quot; doctor , what do i do ? &quot;
the doctor says , a has this benefits and risks and b , and the benefits and risks .
what do you want to do ?
and if you say , &quot; if you were , doctor , what would you do ? &quot;
the doctor says , &quot; but i &apos;m not it . &quot;
the result is -- we call it &quot; patients autonomy . &quot; that sounds like a good thing , but in reality is a shift of responsibility for the meeting of someone who knows anything .
there &apos;s an enormous marketing for prescription drugs for people like they and me , if they think about it , not a sense of it .
why are they tracking us when we can &apos;t buy ?
the answer is , you expect us to call the doctor &apos;s next morning and ask a change of the prescription .
something so profound as our identity is now a question of choice , like this slide .
we don &apos;t get identity , we invent them .
and we often reinvent ourselves as often as we want .
that means that every day , if you wake up on the morning , you have to decide what a person wants to be .
in terms of marriage and family , there was a time where the most of the time was that almost every one and that was so fast as they could , and then they got so fast kids .
the only real choice was &quot; who &quot; , not when , and not what they did .
today , everything is just too simple .
i teach wonderful intelligent students , and i &apos;ll give you 20 percent less work than i did .
and that &apos;s not because they &apos;re less smart , and not because they &apos;re less carefully .
it &apos;s because they &apos;re busy with other things , they ask themselves , &quot; should i marry or not ? should i marry now ?
should i later marry later ? should i just have children , or just make career ? &quot;
these are all the questions of the questions .
and they &apos;re going to answer these questions , regardless of whether that means making all the tasks i &apos;m going to do and not get a good note in my class .
and in fact , they should do that . these are important to be important .
work -- we &apos;re blessed , like carl has done , with the technology that allows us to work with every single day of every single place on the planet -- until the most of the hotel hotel .
there &apos;s a corner that i &apos;m not going to tell you about , which is the most powerful thing that i &apos;m going to do .
i &apos;m not going to tell you , because i want to use it .
so what it means is that incredible freedom of choice we have to make decisions in terms of work , again and again , whether we should work or not work .
we can play our children at football play , and we have our mobile phone on one hip , and our blackberry probably on other hip , and our laptop probably on our lap .
and even if you &apos;re all off , every minute we &apos;re asking our child in the oven of a computer &apos;s . we also think , &quot; should i take this call ?
should i answer this email ? should i write this letter ? &quot;
and even though the answer to the question , &quot; no , &quot; it &apos;s certainly going to form your experience of the computer &apos;s experience very different than it would have been .
everywhere we look , big things and small things , material things and lifestyle , is a question of choice .
and the world we lived in the world .
so i want to say , there were some choices , but not everything was a question of choice .
and the world we live now is that we live .
and the question is , are the good or bad news ?
the answer is &quot; yes . &quot;
we all know what &apos;s good about it , so i &apos;m going to be able to do what &apos;s bad about it .
all these choices have two effects , two negative effects on people .
a effect , a way , is that he &apos;s going to run instead of free .
so with so many options you can choose , it falls very hard to decide .
i &apos;m going to give you another more of the other examples of this , a study about investment in volunteers .
a colleague of mine had access to the most of the time of the , the giant of about a million employees and about 2,000 different jobs .
and what she found was a 10 year-old , the employer offered the participation to get two percent off .
they provide 50 of them -- 10 percent less employees take less employees than if they were just going to offer five . why ?
because it &apos;s 50 of them , which are to be the choice , it &apos;s so hard to decide that they &apos;re going to break it on tomorrow .
and then tomorrow , and then tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow , of course , never come .
you know , that &apos;s not just that people have to eat dog dog if they go to retirement , because they don &apos;t have enough money to go to the end of their employer .
not participation , they &apos;re not giving up to 5,000 u.s. dollars a year on the most of the time , who would have been happy to reproduce their contribution .
paralysis is a consequence of too many choices .
and i think it makes it that the world looks like this .
they really want to make the decision really , if it &apos;s for all the aura , right ?
they don &apos;t want to choose the wrong investment , or they &apos;re going to be the wrong of the wrong .
so this is the one effect . the other effect is that even if we overcome the paralysis and make a decision , we &apos;re less satisfied with the outcome of choice than we had the opportunity to decide between less possibilities .
and there are several reasons for this .
one of them is made by the great choices of different , if they buy one , and it &apos;s not perfect -- and , which is the most perfect thing that &apos;s going on .
the more possibilities there is , the easier it is not to regret that is disappointing for the choice they meet .
second , what economists call the economist .
dan gilbert did a big point today by telling him how much the way we grade things in the way we compare it to things .
well , if there &apos;s a lot of alternatives to think about , it &apos;s just attractive to imagine historical properties that they &apos;re doing , that makes them less satisfied with the alternatives that they chose .
here &apos;s an example . for the one of you , that &apos;s not new york , i apologize .
but here &apos;s what you should have thought .
here &apos;s a few on the hamptons .
very expensive goal .
beautiful beach . great day . they have everything for themselves .
what could be better ? &quot; damn &quot; the man thinks , &quot; it &apos;s august .
everybody in my favorite neighborhood is gone .
i could park directly before my house . &quot;
and he spends two weeks of the thought that he missed the opportunity to have a great parking parking .
and the most of the most important is evolution that we get through our choices , also , if that &apos;s what we chose .
and the more possibilities is to get it to choice , the more attractive properties of these choices are going to take into the most important .
here &apos;s another example .
well , this cartoon makes some statements .
he makes a statement about life now and maybe do things slowly .
but a more important point he &apos;s doing is always who you decide to decide for one thing , you don &apos;t decide to do other things .
and these other things like many attractive properties , and it will be what they &apos;re going to do less powerful .
third , the expectations of expectations .
this has met me when i wanted to exchange my jeans .
i &apos;m wearing jeans , almost the whole time .
and there was a time in the only jeans of a kind of jeans , and they bought them , and they bought them bad , they were incredibly powerful and they had a long difference , and they started to feel &quot; ok . &quot;
so to buy new jeans , to be a lot of the time of the old , and i said , &quot; i &apos;d like to have a few jeans here , here &apos;s my size . &quot;
and the bbc said , &quot; do you want to be entrepreneurial , easy to be easy .
do you want buttons or 24 ? stone or acid ?
do you want jeans with holes ?
you want to cut down far , and you &apos;re going to blah , blah blah , blah blah ... &quot; and so on .
my jaw was down and after i recovered , i &apos;d like to have the way i was the only way . &quot;
he had no idea what that was , so i spent an hour with all these damn jeans , and i &apos;m going to say the business -- and i say the truth -- with the best right jeans i had ever had .
i had better . all these choices allowed me to have better .
but i felt bad .
why ? i wrote a whole book to try to explain it .
the reason i felt worse was that i felt bad with all these available possibilities , my expectations for what &apos;s a good pair of jeans , went up .
i had very low expectations . i had no concrete expectations when it was just in a kind of way .
when they came in 100 species , damn would have been a perfect one of them .
and what i got was good , but it wasn &apos;t perfect .
and so i compared to what i had to get , and what i had was disappointing to what i expected .
that &apos;s what the way that we add is the way that people are forced to get the expectations of people who have been the people who are going to be good about this .
and this leads to less happiness with the results , even though the results are good .
nobody in the world knows this , because , if you would , you don &apos;t know what it is .
the truth is more like this .
the reason is , that &apos;s all better than anything bad than anything was worse , it was possible to make experiences that were a pleasant surprise .
today , in the world we live in -- we live wealthy , industrialized citizens , with perfection as a expectation -- the best for you can ever hope .
they &apos;re never going to be pleasant because their expectations , my expectations , are big .
the secret to the most surprising -- that &apos;s what they &apos;ve all come to -- the secret to the most of the time are low expectations .
i want to say -- a short moment -- i &apos;m married with a woman , and she &apos;s really wonderful .
i wouldn &apos;t have better do it . i don &apos;t have me .
but down is not always a bad thing .
ultimately , a consequence of the most bad , right now , is a bad jeans , if there &apos;s only one kind of way to buy that if you &apos;re a minute , and you ask yourself why , you know , who &apos;s responsible .
if hundreds of different kinds of jeans are available , and they buy the disappointing , and they ask why , who is responsible ?
it &apos;s also clear that the answer is to the question : they .
they could have better do it .
with 100 different kinds of jeans in the window , there &apos;s no excuse for mistakes .
and so , if people make decisions , and even if the results are good , they feel disappointed about it , they &apos;re going to be able to take themselves .
clinical depression exploded in the industrial world in the last generation .
i think a significant -- not the only one , but a significant part of this explosion of depression , and also suicide , is that people have learned the disappointing because their standards are so high .
and so the most important thing is that it &apos;s generally better , objective , and we feel worse .
so let me remember them .
this is the official of the official , which we all think is right , completely wrong . it &apos;s not true .
there &apos;s no question that &apos;s better than no , but it doesn &apos;t follow , the more choices is better than something .
there &apos;s a magical amount . i don &apos;t know what it is .
i &apos;m pretty sure that we &apos;ve missed this point long for the choice of our public .
now , as a rule , i &apos;m almost finished -- as a rule , the thing is about thinking about it . that &apos;s what all these choices allow in the industrialized societies .
there are many places in the world , and we &apos;ve heard about many of them , their problem is not to be big .
your problem is that you have too little .
so things i &apos;m talking about is a strange problem of modern , rich , western societies .
and what &apos;s so frustrating and angry is steve pogue told you about how these expensive and hard car seats don &apos;t help you . it &apos;s a waste of money .
what i &apos;m telling you is that these expensive , complicated decisions -- it &apos;s not easy to help them .
they &apos;re even injured .
they worry about that we &apos;re bad .
if something that allows people to make our society , they would have access to the societies in which people would have a little bit of choice , but our dignity will be improved .
economists call this a kind of application .
and it &apos;s going to be worried that it &apos;s all better -- not just the poor -- because all these big choices are asking us .
finally , do you read this cartoon , and , a advanced person , says , &quot; ah ! what does this fish know ?
you don &apos;t know anything in this kind of thing . &quot;
and the imagination is , a view of view of the world -- and that is the way i read it first .
but the more i thought about it , the more i came to the view that the fish knows something .
because the truth is that if you break the most powerful , it &apos;s not possible , you don &apos;t have freedom . you have paralysis .
if you break the most the way , it &apos;s all possible , you reduce happiness .
they increase paralysis and reduce happiness .
everybody needs a little bit of a little bit .
this is almost to limited to perfect security -- possibly for the fish , definitely for us .
but the most of the time is a magical of a metaphor of misery , and , i suspect , disaster .
thank you very much .
you know , i &apos;ve been talking about some of these projects before , about human genome and what that means , and about the discovery of new groups of genes .
in fact , we start from a new point : we &apos;ve digitized biology and now we &apos;re trying to get the digital code in a new phase of biology by designing new life and build new lives .
we &apos;ve always tried to ask significant questions .
what &apos;s life ? it &apos;s something i think many biologists have tried to understand and that on different levels .
we tried different approaches to simplify it to the minimum components .
we &apos;ve digitized almost 20 years . when we sequenced the most of the time , the change was the shift of the analog world of biology .
now we &apos;re trying to ask if we can regenerate life or whether we can make new life , from this digital universe ?
this is the map of a small organism , wired , which has the smallest genome of a species that can replicate itself in the lab . and we tried whether we can achieve that with a smaller genome .
we &apos;ve done it on about a hundred genes of the 500 or something that are here .
but if we look at these metabolic map , that &apos;s very simple , compared to our own . trust me , that &apos;s simple . but if we all look at these genes we can eliminate .
so we decided that it &apos;s the only way to be able to go forward this chromosome to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to put some of these fundamental questions and ask some of these fundamental questions .
and so we started with the question , can we apply a chromosome ?
does it allow the chemistry to create this really big molecules that never did before ?
and , if we can , can we start the chromosome ?
a chromosome is just a piece of chemical material .
our steps at the summary of life were exponentially .
our ability to write genetic code has evolved very slowly , but yet , our last point would be increasing now on an exponential curve .
we started with this 15 years ago .
it actually took some years to start with a review review before we did the first experiments .
it turns out that it turns out it &apos;s very difficult .
there are tens of thousands of machines around the world can make the little pieces of dna , 30 to 50 letters long , but it &apos;s a piece of a process , the more mistakes .
so we had to develop a new way of putting these little pieces together and correct the mistakes .
that was our first attempt to start with the digital information , the genome phi x wide .
it &apos;s a little virus of bacteria kills .
we made little pieces , made a denial error and had a dna molecule of about 5,000 letters .
the exciting phase came when we took this piece of chemical chemical and gave them a bacterium , and the bacteria started reading the genetic code and made viral particles .
the viral particles were released by the cells , and they came back and killed and kill e.
i &apos;ve talked about the oil industry recently , and they said they &apos;re doing this model right .
they laughed more than her it does .
so we think that &apos;s a situation in the software actually can build their own hardware in a biological system .
but we wanted to go to a lot of time . we wanted to build a whole chromosome . it &apos;s more than a little bit more than a capita letters .
design is the key , and if you want to start with digital information in the computer , this digital information is really accurate .
when we first sequenced the genome in 1995 , the most recent thing was a mistake per 10,000 base base .
we found the last 30 mistakes , if we had used the original sequence , it would never have been possible .
part of the design is to make pieces of the 50 letters long and to build the other with other people &apos;s pieces to build smaller amounts of things that fit .
we &apos;ve built unique elements here .
you may have heard that we &apos;ve built a built .
think about it : we have a computer code : a , c , g and t.
and the letters of this letter -- these letters encode about 20 amino acids ; there &apos;s a single purpose for each of these amino acids .
so we can use the genetic code to write our words , sentences , thoughts .
at the beginning , we just signed .
some people were disappointed that it was not poetry .
we &apos;ve designed the pieces that we could just break them into enzymes . there are enzymes that are going to fix these and bring back .
and we started making pieces , starting with pieces of the five to the letters , added these together to make these together , to put these together .
in every step , we &apos;ve produced these pieces in the surplus , and we could sequence them because we tried to create a very robust process of what they &apos;re going to see in a minute .
we tried to get the point of the world &apos;s point .
so , that looks like a kind of a little bit of a time .
if we get to this right pieces -- with 100,000 base base -- they &apos;re not going to grow in e.
we knew about a mechanism of the world &apos;s s called the world &apos;s biology , to fix dna , which can bring together these pieces .
here &apos;s an example of it . there &apos;s a organism called the three million rads of radiation .
you see in the upper field that his chromosome falls apart .
12 to 24 hours later , everything has put together like it was .
we have thousands of organisms that can do that .
these organisms can be completely dried , they can even live in the vacuum .
i &apos;m absolutely sure life exists in space and move to aquatic conditions .
in fact , nasa has shown that there &apos;s a lot of it out there .
here &apos;s a kind of a piece of the molecule that we &apos;ve made by using these processes -- actually , we &apos;ve used it to the right design of the pieces of the pieces . yeast add these together automatically .
this is not a regular thing that &apos;s a regular .
it &apos;s such a big molecule that we can even see it with the most of the time .
these are footage about a duration of six seconds .
that &apos;s the cad that we &apos;ve just done recently .
these are over the letters of the letters on the code of the code , and it &apos;s the largest molecule with the ground ever created by people .
it has a little bit of a thousand million .
if we print it with a kind of 10 and without distances , it would include the pages of pages , just to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be the genetic code .
now , how do we start a chromosome ? how do we activate it ?
obviously , it &apos;s a virus that &apos;s very simple with a virus . it &apos;s much more complicated with bacteria .
it &apos;s also easier when you &apos;re in the way we &apos;re doing it in the way that we &apos;re doing it , you just take the nucleus out and you have another thing in which you &apos;ve all heard about cloning .
in the way , the chromosome is integrated into the cell , but we &apos;ve just shown that you can do a complete transplant of a cell to another and can activate this .
we were responding to the chromosome of a computer system , roughly two , are these two times away as people and mice . we gave some of the most important to destroy this chromosome .
the new chromosome went into the cell .
in fact , we thought that here &apos;s the end of the end , but we tried to get the process further .
this is the most of the evolution of evolution here .
we all find the species of species here , and we &apos;ve got a second chromosome , or a third of the world &apos;s , every time thousands of characteristics in just one second .
so people who are going to imagine evolution is being missed as a gene at a time .
there are enzymes called the most important people are actually called the dna .
the chromosome in the cell was none ; the chromosomes we &apos;ve added .
it was in the cell , and it realized the other chromosome as a foreign material , and we had just a cell with a new chromosome .
it &apos;s going to be blue because of the genes we put in .
and after a very short time , it had lost all the characteristics of the species and celebrated completely into a new species based on the new software that we have given in the cell .
all the proteins changed the membranes -- when we read the genetic code , it was exactly what we have north .
it may sound like genomic power , but we can , by moving the most dramatic things , things are quite dramatic .
now i argued that this is not the most the most the time -- that &apos;s based on 3.5 billion years .
and i &apos;ve argued that we may be able to create a new form of the muslim explosion based on this digital design based on this digital design .
why should we do that ?
i think it &apos;s pretty obvious in terms of what we need .
we &apos;re about six billion people in the next 40 years of the next 40 years .
to ask it in my relationship : i was born in 1954 .
today , three people are in this planet for every one of the year in 2000 ; within 40 years , it will be four .
we have problems with food , with fresh and clean water , medicine , fuel for 10,000 billion people .
it &apos;s going to offer a challenge for nine .
we need about five billion tons of coal , and we need billions of metric oil , and these are a hundred million reduction a day .
if we think about biological processes or any process to replace it , it will be a huge challenge .
then , of course , there &apos;s the whole co2 of this material in the atmosphere .
we have now , from our discoveries , from all over the world , a database with about 20 million genes , and i want to believe that these are the most important of the future .
the most recent thing had a dozen components and see the diversity of that .
we &apos;re going to be here in first line of biological reality and those of our imagination .
we have technologies today because of this fast , to do what we call the genetics .
we have the opportunity to build a big robot that can make millions of chromosomes a day .
if you &apos;re going to make these 20 million different genes or to optimize these processes to make it , or to optimize drugs , we can change with a little team more molecular than the last 20 years .
and it &apos;s just a little bit of selection . we can go to the world &apos;s , production of chemicals or the way that we &apos;re going to do it .
this is a shot of real , which we &apos;re working on , with the fact that you actually sit down and design new species on the computer .
you know , we don &apos;t necessarily know how it &apos;s going to look like it &apos;s going to look like your genetic code .
we &apos;re now focusing on fuel of the fourth generation .
they &apos;ve seen corn recently to ethanol , which is just a bad experiment .
we have fuels of the most important and third generation , which is relatively soon coming out of the much higher , like , or different kinds of information .
but , as we think the only way we think about biology is a big impact without any increase of the cost of food or the limitation of their availability , and so we &apos;re going to work on cells that go to this path , and therefore we &apos;re working on cells that go to this path , and therefore we &apos;re working on cells that go to this path , and therefore we &apos;re working on cells that go to this path , and therefore we work on cells .
and we think we &apos;re going to be the first with the fourth generation of the fourth generation , and that &apos;s about 18 months .
sunlight and co2 are a method .
but in our discovery of the world , we all have kinds of different ways .
that &apos;s a organism that we &apos;ve described in 1996 .
he lives in the deep sea , about a month deep miles deep , almost more than the most of the time .
it &apos;s going to transform co2 in methane around the use of hydrogen than an energy source .
we can study whether we can use co2 co2 , which could just be brought to the co2 , the co2 in fuel to power this process .
within a short period of time , we believe we could be able to solve one of the fundamental questions of life .
you know , we really have -- the goals of the entire narrative industry . right ? if you can &apos;t do that at ted , where else you could do that ? a main block of energy .
but we &apos;re working on the same moment that we &apos;re using the same approaches for the development of vaccines .
they saw this year with the flu , we &apos;re always a year back and have a dollar to a little bit of the time .
i think that can be changed by creating vaccines in the most common .
this is how the future could look like , with changes , can be accelerating today with synthetic bacteria , and perhaps the most important thing .
we &apos;re more able to improve light years away from people . our goal is just that we have a chance to survive long enough to do that . thank you very much .
on the last ted conference , i gave a introduction to the lhc .
and i promised back to get to explain how the machine works .
so it &apos;s so far . and for all those who were not there , the lhc is the largest scientific experiment that was ever published -- 27 miles in diameter .
his job is to create the conditions that existed less than a second second after the beginning of the universe -- and to 600 million times within a second .
it &apos;s just breathtaking ambitious .
this is the machine below geneva .
we take images of these of these things in detectors .
i work on this work . he &apos;s called atlas detector -- 44 feet in the width , 22 feet in diameter .
here &apos;s a spectacular picture of the atlas in the construction of the phase that you see the scale .
at the 10th of september last year , the machine was walking to the first time .
and this picture was taken by atlas .
it was huge of the huge amount of energy in the control .
it &apos;s a picture of the first , which is the entire track of the lhc , then with a part of the lhc , to make a rain of particles on the detector .
in other words , when we saw this picture at the 10th of september , we knew that the machine works , which is a big triumph .
i don &apos;t know if this created the largest largest thing , or this , as someone went to the google side , and the front page found .
it means that we reached a cultural impact next to the scientific .
about a week later , there was a problem with the machine that had to do with these wires here -- this golden wires here here .
these wires lead to the fact of the machine when the machine goes on .
well , the engineers are going to look at them and say , &quot; no that &apos;s not doing that . that &apos;s little wires . &quot;
you can afford that because if you &apos;re very far down , you &apos;ll be called &quot; the so-called you . &quot;
so , minus environmental spaces , precise than the space between the stars , can make these wires cost the tension .
in one of the connections , between over the magnets , there was a little bit of a sudden .
so , that &apos;s what the wires are going to do , and they &apos;re going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be more advanced , and suddenly they &apos;re more innovative .
this was the result .
now , that &apos;s all wonderful when you imagine that the magnets weigh over 20 tons and shifted around 30 inches .
so we damaged about 50 of the magnets .
and they had to remove what we did .
we &apos;re incredibly happy them , they &apos;re going to be .
they &apos;re all back to their way back .
the lhc is going to be a lot of the lhc .
we &apos;re going to turn it down , and we &apos;re expecting to collect the first data in june or july , and put our journey on the end of the universe .
now , of course , on a kind of way to put accidents back to the value of science and engineering , it &apos;s easy to reject something .
i think the fact that it &apos;s so hard is that we reach beyond our limitations , the value of things like the lhc .
i &apos;m going to leave my final words , a english scientist , and i &apos;m going to leave you with a english scientist , which is how i suspect the most of his favorite experiments , was michael &apos;s , who said , &quot; nothing is so dangerous for development . &quot;
thank you .
i &apos;m a writer .
books are my profession to write , but it &apos;s more than that .
it &apos;s also my big , life love and fascination .
and i don &apos;t expect that to change that .
but , recent , a little bit weird in my life and my career happened to me that has been completely thinking about this work .
this strange event was that i wrote a book recently -- a biography called a biography of the day , a biography of mine , love , love differently than all my previous books are in the world and a big amount of water , international and a big , international , international .
the result is that i don &apos;t care where i come , i &apos;m treated as if i &apos;m going to get the usda .
seriously -- the memex of the world !
for example , do you get to worry about me and say , &quot; don &apos;t you fear that success will never be done ?
don &apos;t you have fear that you &apos;re going to be able to do your whole life and never create a book that anyone in the world is interested in ?
okay , that &apos;s really courage .
but it would be worse when i don &apos;t remember that , i was going to tell you about 20 years ago than i was a teenager for the first time .
people said , &quot; did you not have fear , never succeed ?
did you not fear that you kill the humiliation of a letter ?
did you not have fear that you &apos;re going to be able to get your life for your life and never get something and you &apos;re going to die on a computer &apos;s dreams -- your mouth filled with the bitter .
so , you know .
the answer -- the short answer to all these questions is : the short answer .
yeah , i &apos;m afraid of all these things .
and i always had .
and i &apos;ve been afraid of a lot more things that nobody would be a little bit more .
like algae -- and other scary things .
but , if it &apos;s about writing , i &apos;ve been thinking about it for recently and ask me , why ?
is the reasonable ?
is it logical that by someone should be expected to do that , he &apos;s afraid to do the work that he feels like ?
and what &apos;s going on with the creative capture that they &apos;re doing is make us insecure about the more powerful human rights -- in a way , how other professions don &apos;t do ?
my father , for example , was chemists and i can &apos;t remember a situation in his 40 years as a chemist he was asked to be chemist .
with your favorite , john -- how do you do it ?
it just didn &apos;t come , you know ?
but to be fair -- the group of the chemist have not been the reputation of the world &apos;s reputation .
we seem to have this kind of reputation , but not only the writers , but the creative of all the rice , seem to have this reputation , mentally unstable .
everything you need to do is look at the bitter of really great minds from really great heads of the 20th century , which died young and often from your hand .
and even those who don &apos;t actually have the most of the time , they were really neglected by their talents .
norman is a second named his death in his last interview : the last interview has killed me a little bit .
a extraordinary statement that you can do about your life life .
but we don &apos;t even get a lot of saying if we hear somebody like this , because we &apos;ve been familiar with this kind of statements since the time . somehow we &apos;ve been so supportive of the notion of the world .
the question i want to ask today is : is this idea for you completely ?
feel like this ? because with just one centimeter , i don &apos;t feel about this notion at all .
i think they &apos;re brilliant .
and i think they &apos;re dangerous . and i don &apos;t want to watch how they &apos;re taken into the next century .
i think it &apos;s better when we encourage our big creative to live .
and i definitely know that it &apos;s for me -- in my situation -- very dangerous , to start this dark path of the guess of the guess -- especially in the fact that i &apos;m in my career .
that &apos;s -- look : i &apos;m pretty young . i &apos;m just about 40 years old .
i may have more 40 more than 40 .
and it &apos;s very likely to be that everything i &apos;m going to write from now is the world &apos;s work , which came to the most important success of my last book , right ?
i say it &apos;s a little bit of the friends , because we &apos;re all kind of friends -- it &apos;s highly likely to be my greatest success behind me .
oh , jesus , what a thought !
these are the kind of thoughts that can bring someone to do that to drink nine o &apos;clock in the morning , and i don &apos;t want to .
i would rather continue to do this work that i love .
so the question is : how ?
after some time of the most of the time , i seems to be able to write a kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of thing .
i think i have to find a way to find a safe distance to write a safe distance between me and my very natural , very natural , like the reaction to write .
while i looked for models for the last year , i &apos;ve been looking for the past and i tried to find other societies to see if they were able to help the emotional risks .
this is looking for me to the old greece and the old rome .
please follow me , because the circle is going to close again .
but in the old greece and rome , people didn &apos;t believe that creativity comes from people , okay ?
they believed that creativity was a kind of contemporary kind of kind of a kind of a terrorist , unknown source of the people -- from the most powerful , unknown reasons .
the greeks called these divine , the african of creativity &apos;s hands of creativity .
from socrates , he &apos;s known that he believed he believed a little bit of a sudden that was going to be made of it .
the roman had the same idea , called this kind of kind of kind of kind of thing , called this kind of kind of kind of thing , a genius of a genius .
that &apos;s great . the roman thought didn &apos;t really have a very clever individual .
they believed that a genius was this kind of magical academic creature , which was used by the believed that it &apos;s literally alive in the walls of a computer -- about like the way that the world &apos;s work and the artist would be invisible to work .
this is brilliant -- there &apos;s it , because it &apos;s the distance i talked about -- the psychological construct , which protect you from the consequences of your work .
and everybody knew that it worked , right ?
the artist of the most of the time was protected in a certain way , how , for example , to a lot of it , right ?
if your work was brilliant , you don &apos;t look for everything for you . everybody knew you had this kind of genius that helped you .
if your work is going to be -- not completely your mistakes , right ?
everybody knew your genius was a little paralyzed .
so people in the west really thought about creativity for a long time .
and then the renaissance came and everything changed . we had this big idea . and this big idea was : let &apos;s put the human individual into the center of the universe .
it &apos;s the beginning of rational conceptual and people started thinking that creativity came completely from their own individual .
for the first time in history , you hear people this or an artist called a genius -- instead of that , he has a genius .
i have to tell you , i think that was a big mistake .
you know ? i think a naked person is to allow you to think he or it &apos;s like the vessel and the essence and the source of all the divine , creative , infinite , infinite mystery .
it &apos;s like to ask someone who &apos;s going to eat the sun .
the most profound and objective whole egos and it creates all these subunits to success .
i think that this is the fact that this is the artist that we have the last 500 years of the last 500 years .
and , if that &apos;s true , and i think it &apos;s true -- is the question .
can we change it ?
maybe to a ancient understanding about the relationship between people and mystery of creative return .
maybe not .
maybe we can &apos;t just get rid of the most profound thing from 500 years of being killed in a talk .
and there are certainly people in this audience , which would really be a scientific scientific doubt , and the idea of the idea of -- basically -- the most -- the people are going to apply and they &apos;re using their projects .
i &apos;m probably not going to take all of you on this journey .
but the question i want to do is , why not ?
why not think about it ?
because it makes sense of how everything i &apos;ve heard when it was about explaining the absolutely crazy process of the creative process .
a process that -- like everybody knows that it &apos;s ever trying to make something -- so in other words , everybody here -- not always the reasonable acts .
in fact , he can feel really a little bit of the time .
i had a encounter recently , and i met the extraordinary american poet , which is now over 90 , but she told me that she was growing up as she was in the most of virginia .
she said it would be like a train train .
the country on them would be going to be .
she felt when it came , because it would bring the earth under your feet to the stretch .
she knew that she could just do one of these moment , and that was -- in your words -- the devil race like the devil .
she ran like the devil to the house while they were tracking this poem , and it was just about that they had to get fast enough to a sheet of paper and a pencil that was able to capture it .
in other other ways , she wasn &apos;t fast enough . she ran and ran and ran , but they didn &apos;t get the house and they had to get it through land .
and then there were these moments -- i never forget -- she said that there were moments that they had almost given it .
so , she runs to the house and look for paper and the poem , and it &apos;s going to be a pencil , and it &apos;s going to be a pencil as it was through them and then get it .
they caught the poem on his tail and moved it back into their body and took it back to the sheet of paper .
and in these opportunities , the poem came to the poem , and intact on paper -- but backwards -- from the last word to the first .
when i heard that , i thought that &apos;s terrible -- that &apos;s exactly how my creative process is going to be .
that &apos;s not like my creative process -- i &apos;m not the channel .
i &apos;m a little bit of a sudden . to work , i have to get up every day and sweat me , and really uncomfortable .
but even i have this thing in my favorite , sometimes this thing .
and i guess many of you have done that .
even i had work or ideas that i can &apos;t identify from a source of a source that i can &apos;t identify .
what is that thing ?
and how do we get to lose in relation to our minds without losing our minds , but to keep us in the opposite even in mental health ?
for me , the best living example is , how to do this , the musicians can be tom &apos;s musicians . i was going to interview him a few years ago .
we talked about this topic , and you know what ? most of his life was tom &apos;s embodiment of the modern artist , who tried to be trying to be able to be able to do that and to give them to them .
but then he became older and down . he told me that he went to los angeles . and there was everything for him .
he went to high speed when he suddenly sounds a little carpenter a melody that &apos;s often a little bit of evil , and he wants to have it .
he doesn &apos;t have a piece of paper , he doesn &apos;t have a pen , he doesn &apos;t have a pen .
so he starts to rise this old , and he &apos;s going to increase this thing , like i &apos;m going to lose this thing and will be tracking by this song .
i &apos;m not good enough , i don &apos;t do it .
but instead of getting into panic , he just heard .
he finished all the train and did something completely new .
he just looked at the sky and said , &quot; sorry , can you see that i &apos;m going to go car ? &quot;
do i see that as could i just write a song ?
if you really want to exist , come back to a moment , if i can care about you .
if not , you know , somebody else &apos;s other .
go and go and go .
his whole job has changed .
not the work itself . that was still as dark as i was born and ever .
but the process and the heavy of the heavy , which is around it , was a lot of it as he took the genius out of where he was not a trouble and he left it where he came from . he realized that it had no kind of a time , a little bit of the thing .
it could be a very specific , surprising , bizarre collaboration , a kind of conversation between tom and the pure , developing thing , which was not quite tom .
when i heard this story , it also changed a little bit like i worked and it &apos;s been saved .
this idea saved me as i was in the middle of the world &apos;s in the middle of the world &apos;s most , and i was going to be in the middle of the world &apos;s most recent , and i fell in one of these who we all fall when we work on something and it doesn &apos;t work .
not only bad , but the worst of all time .
i started thinking , i should just be able to get the project .
but then i remembered how tom had talked about the free sky and i tried it .
so i raised my view of the manuscript and i talked to my comment towards a blank corner of the room .
i spoke to it , &quot; listen , you know , you know , you know , you know , if this book is not brilliant , it &apos;s not completely my fault , right ?
because you see that i &apos;m all , what i have , investing . i don &apos;t have more than that .
so if you want to have better , you have to give up here and follow your percentage of solving .
okay . but if you don &apos;t do that ... you know what , then the hell .
i &apos;m going to continue to write , because that &apos;s my job .
and i want to give you to record that i was here today for my part of the jobs .
because ... ... at the end , it &apos;s like follows . centuries ago , in the deserts , people have shifted to the deserts of the deserts with sacred dances and music that were stopped for hours .
these fixed were always great , because the dancers were professional and they were fantastic .
but again , very rare , something special happened . one of the actors was actually the most important .
and i know you know what i mean , because i know you &apos;ve seen all of your life in your life .
it was as if the time was the time , and the dancer is going to be a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of a kind of a time .
and suddenly he didn &apos;t appeared more longer .
he was the inside of the inside , and it &apos;s down and down and all the most important fire .
as something happened then , people knew what that was . they called it in his name .
they put the hands together and started singing : the spelling fee , oink , bless , god , god , god .
that &apos;s god , you know ?
interesting historical : when the most of the time , they brought this practice with this . the census changed in the course of the centuries of the world &apos;s s , and they &apos;re going to hear , the pharmaceutical , they &apos;re still listening to the most of the time and they hear .
if a actors in spain , something that has done something , has done a little bit magical : the spelling fee , the , , , , , , , , , , , , , , a glimpse of god , , a glimpse of god .
and that &apos;s great , because we need that .
but , the tricky part follows the next morning , if the dancers wake up and recognizes that it &apos;s 11 o &apos;clock in a tuesday -- and he doesn &apos;t get a more a bit of a time of god .
he &apos;s just an aging of aging with the knee of the knee , and maybe he will never get to this heights .
and maybe someone will call god &apos;s name , if he &apos;s going to be . but what &apos;s he going to do with the rest of his life ?
that &apos;s hard .
this is one of the most of the most powerful neurological life of a creative life .
but maybe it doesn &apos;t have to be very much of the heroic , if you didn &apos;t believe that the most extraordinary aspects of your existence is coming from you .
if you might believe that you &apos;re a fancy -- from a spectacular source for a time of your life , which is passed on somebody else if you &apos;re done .
if we start thinking about it , it changes everything .
so i started thinking about it and so i think i &apos;m working with security in the past months , while i was working on the book , that &apos;s going to be -- as the dangerous , frightening , strong , very expected to my favorite success .
what i &apos;ve got to say is , if i &apos;m going to say about it , it &apos;s not afraid .
not a snapshot .
do your job .
it &apos;s still for your contribution , whatever he might be .
if your job is dancing , dance .
if the dumb civilian genius , which is asked to be asked to show you a very short moment of wonder through your effort , then you &apos;re going to be able to show the most of the time .
and if not , yet , dance dance .
and the most of the time , and the most of the time , for you , is all of you .
i think it &apos;s going to be and i feel that we should teach that .
and the most of the time , the most of the time , for you , is just all of you , just that you have the mere human love and the most of the time .
thank you .
thank you .
and the most of the time .
last year , i showed these two slides to illustrate that the arctic the arctic , which had been the size of the lower 48 states , to be 40 percent .
but this doesn &apos;t press the seriousness of this particular problem , because it &apos;s not the thickness of the ice .
in a sense , the arctic is the arctic heart of our global heart system .
it grows in winter and i &apos;m going to put it in summer .
the next slide i &apos;m showing you is a kind of a little bit of what happened in the last 25 years .
the most the time is the red marks .
as you see , it grows on the dark sense . this is the annual ice in winter ; it &apos;s in the summer .
that &apos;s called the so-called five years old , five years old , almost like blood , which is from the body here .
in 25 years , it &apos;s going to be gone from here .
this is a problem , because warming the frozen reason to get the frozen reason to the arctic ocean , which is big amounts of carbon , which is , if he &apos;s going to be able to accelerate microbes .
compared to the whole amount of things in the atmosphere , it could double the amount of energy , if we cross this critical point .
today , in some flat lakes today in alaska , methane from self .
professor of walter walter der &apos;s university is traveled to another flat lake last winter last winter .
wow !
you &apos;re good . the question is , how will it be .
and a reason is , this enormous heat is warmer greenland from the north .
this is a year of a year .
but the volume are much bigger than ever before .
this is the most the river in southwest greenland .
if you want to know how the sea level goes through the sea level here , they &apos;re going to be able to get into the sea .
these rivers take rapid .
the other end of the planet , antarctica , the biggest largest of the planet on the planet .
last month , researchers reported that the entire continent has a negative job .
and the most important thing that came over is a few of the things that came up with a few of them is particularly strong in melt .
this is 20 feet sea level , like greenland .
in the himalayas , the most important , you see , you see new lakes , you see glaciers that were a few years ago .
40 percent of all people on the world get half of their own people &apos;s own .
in the khyber , this glacier is the most important for this city .
the most common ones have expanded .
but if you &apos;re going to be able to get it down , most of the water is moving away .
in california , a 40 percent reduction of the sierra of the sierra was seen .
this is the most important thing .
and the predictions , as they read they &apos;re serious .
these are the most dramatic in the world that leads to a dramatic increase .
and the disasters everywhere have been in a really small and never unprecedented extent .
four times in the last 30 years like the most in the world &apos;s .
this is a completely common amount of water .
if you look at this in the historical context , you can see what it is .
in the last five years , we &apos;ve produced 70 million tons of co2 , all 24 million tons of co2 every day in the oceans .
look at the area of the eastern pacific , right , from the american continent west and professions of indian , where there &apos;s a radical decline of oxygen in the ocean .
the biggest one factor for global warming , next to deforestation , which is 20 percent , is burning from fossil fuels .
oil is a problem , and coal is the easiest issue .
the united states are one of the most largest things that are in the world , together with china .
and the proposal was to build many more .
but we start to see a change .
here are the ones that were made in the last few years , with some green alternatives that were proposed .
and there &apos;s a political argument in our country .
and the most important and the most important thing , and the most of the time , have spent a dollar dollar last to promote clean coal , which is a contradiction in itself .
this picture reminded me something .
to go around christmas , i went home in tennessee , a billion tons of food .
they saw it in the news .
this is in our entire country of the world &apos;s disease .
this happened to christmas .
one of the ads of the world &apos;s ads was christmas .
the most of the time is a little bit of the time , happy boys .
there &apos;s a lot of skin in skin and amount of america , and he helps our economy to grow .
and the most common thing that &apos;s going to be clean is every day .
he &apos;s affordable and they &apos;re going to stay in living and bread .
this is the source of most coal in west virginia .
the most powerful thing is the ladder of the world &apos;s ladder .
let me say one very clear thing . al gore , nancy , harry , you don &apos;t know what you &apos;re talking about .
so the alliance for climate protection has two bites in life .
this is one part of your .
in the most important , we see climate change as a serious danger for our business .
so we put it on the top of the top , to spend a significant , significant , a significant amount of time to bring a more powerful on the way to get the truth about coal .
the fact is , coal is not dirty .
we think it &apos;s clean -- and also smells good .
so , don &apos;t worry about climate change .
leave that quiet .
and the coal , they &apos;ve heard a lot of it .
so let &apos;s make a tour of this modern , clean , clean .
fantastic ! this machine is pretty loud .
but it &apos;s the sound of clean energy .
and yet , the burning of coal of one of the main reasons is the global warming , which is remarkable clean , which you see here , changes everything .
look at it exactly , this is the clean , clean .
finally , the positive alternative with our economic challenge and our challenge of national security .
america is in a crisis that the economy , the national security , the climate crisis .
the red thread , which connects these all together , is our dependence of the dependence of the way dirty coal and the oil oil .
but now there &apos;s a bold , new solution to free us from this kind of thing .
and in the next 10 years , america with 100 percent clean electricity is new .
a plan , america back to work , to make us safer and help to stop global warming .
finally , a solution that is big enough to solve our problems .
and they &apos;re new . they find more out .
this is the last .
it &apos;s about a kind of a human being .
one of the fastest ways of our dependence on old , dirty fuels , the world to reduce our world .
the future is here . wind , sun and a new energy system .
new investments to create good jobs .
and in fact , america &apos;s living . it &apos;s time to accept reality .
there &apos;s an old african saying , &quot; if you want to be fast , go alone .
if you want to come far away , go together . &quot;
we need to come far , and that &apos;s fast .
thank you .
i want to start asking you to ask the time of your childhood , when you played with the most of your childhood .
while they realized how to get the hands and they &apos;re going to move the hands , they actually learned to think and solve problems through understanding and change the same thing .
the spatial thinking is deeply connected to how we understand a lot of our environment .
as a computer scientist -- inspired by the kind of interaction with real objects -- together with my favorite , and my colleagues , i started to wonder , what if we could use computers , which is a digital thing .
this question was so emotional that we decided to be able to explore the answer and developed .
shortly , a little bit of a sudden is an interactive computer in the size of a computer .
you can move with the hand , you can perceive each other , you can capture your movements and you have a screen and a screen .
much more importantly : are physically physically , why you can only move it through the hands of hands and access .
and the most important thing is an example of a new generation of the manipulation of digital data .
and if these tools are going to be developing physical and their movements , they can see each other and the largest ones of our most of our favorite and more susceptible to them , then we can start with exploration and more pragmatic .
i start with some simple examples .
this is the most important thing for the most of the time , and when i was in a direction , the video is going to be played forward ; if i put it in the other direction , it &apos;s backwards .
and these interactive portraits take each other true .
so if i put them next to them , they make interest .
if you &apos;re surrounded by the , you notice that and you can be a little nervous .
and they also feel their movements and they &apos;re also feeling .
a interesting consequence of the interactions that we started to see was that we could apply everyday gestures on data , like color , how to do this with fluid .
in this case , we have three main types of time as a result of the world &apos;s and i can use them to pour color into the middle , where they &apos;re going to mix .
if we &apos;re going to keep it , we can a little bit of a little bit more .
there are also some nice ways in education , as languages , math or a half of the things that we want to do the way to do the fast trial and see the results immediately .
here i am ... that &apos;s a fibonacci numbers that i &apos;m doing with a simple amount of life .
this is a game with words that is a kind of mixture of a mixture of a mixture of the .
basically , you get every round of the round of every round of the body , and you &apos;re trying to form words , you &apos;ll be tested by a dictionary .
then , after about 30 seconds , again , again , it &apos;s going to be a new and new opportunity to try and try and try and try and try .
thank you .
these are some kids who came on a trip to the media lab , and i could move them to try and have a video of it .
they really loved it .
an interesting fact at that kind of applications is that you don &apos;t have to give people a lot of instructions .
everything you have to say is &quot; form words &quot; and you know exactly what to do .
here &apos;s another couple of people who test it .
this is our youngest favorite system down there right now .
it turns out he wanted to stack the most of the time .
so for him , they were just a little bit of the time .
this is an interactive thing .
we wanted to develop a little bit of a time for the world &apos;s .
this is a rigorous .
he can bring new characters into the scene by the table of the table , which shows this character .
here he is going to be able to get the sun .
the sun goes on on the sun .
now he &apos;s going to be a tractor in the scene .
the orange self .
good work ! yes !
by shaking the most the way , and you can put it on the other hand , and it can interact with characters ...
... his own story invent .
hello !
it &apos;s a story with open end and he can decide how they evolved .
flying cat .
the last example i have today is to show it , is a little bit of a sudden for the most of the time that we &apos;ve developed recently and in the most of the time as a sound .
every four different variations ; you can pick what you want to use .
and you can put this sound into the sequence of the sequence that you can organize in any patterns .
and you &apos;re going to be able to get a , by just a computer , please hold a little bit of a time .
there are effects that you can change live , like hall and filter .
you connect it to a certain sound and it tends to put it on .
and then smoking the effects like speed and volume that you &apos;re doing on the entire sequence .
so let &apos;s look at .
we start in the world we &apos;re going to do in two of the most recent and a half of them , and they expand and add a little bit more of the voice .
now i add a bass on it .
now i &apos;m going to do something more drums .
and now i &apos;m going to pick the filter with the drums , so i can control the effect .
i can accelerate the whole sequence by the speed of the pace in the one or another direction .
and now i &apos;m going to be able to do the filter with the bass , for something more expression .
i can change the sequence during you .
so i don &apos;t have to plan them in the front of the front , but it can improvise ; they &apos;re going to break or a little bit of time .
and finally , i can rotate the whole sequence by putting the most the time .
thank you .
so how you can see , my excitement is to develop new , new , which is better to fit , how our brains and bodies work .
and today i had time , you have a part of this new kind of new school and some of the possibilities that we work on in our lab .
the idea i want to give you to the way is that we &apos;re going to be on the threshold of this new generation of the interaction with digital media , the information in our world , which is our demands .
thank you very much , thank you .
i &apos;m very pleased to share with you all !
yes , good afternoon .
i &apos;m very pleased to do that .
yes , so what &apos;s going to be a lot of ?
i have to just go back a little bit , and that &apos;s what &apos;s busy about modern molecular biology .
i study molecular biology and it &apos;s been a few years for a few years , and i started to know because i just wanted to know and do it even in front of what i learned in college .
so , that was my primary motivation .
so it was a curiosity and i wanted to get closer to the matter of the matter .
i think the molecular biology in general now is now talking , so generally , biotechnology , all you count to do synthetic biology and so on , so on , synthetic biology and so on .
extremely important , now , it &apos;s extremely important , and even much more importantly , will be in the future .
there &apos;s so excited that there are things like this all the time in the world &apos;s genetic .
there are now craig venter in the most of the time , trying to make the most of the time , so gas from algae .
and then there &apos;s also things that are completely held in the everyday life , which most people don &apos;t realize , for example , to wash us with 40 degrees of laundry , also genetically genetically dense enzymes .
and the list can continue to go down .
and so from interest , on this technology , i &apos;m just on the ground .
so what now are we doing ?
most people know most people that are from the most people .
computers are generating , and then it will always be like this , yes , the hackers break somewhere and claws and so on .
that &apos;s kind of the way that &apos;s very sad for the most sad , because that &apos;s not true , which is actually what they &apos;re doing , and what &apos;s actually behind .
and that &apos;s the most important thing , in the &apos; 70s , started with the internet , and it &apos;s also the internet .
and it &apos;s about a playful , creative , original way to solve a problem .
and problem , that &apos;s not just a technical problem , it can be a social problem , it can be a social problem , which is how things simplify , so you can do that .
and it was just a lot of software , but there &apos;s also a software in the most of the time , there &apos;s a whole more , very much , which is all kinds of things that are doing with the most possible things .
and now , in the way , it &apos;s also where biology is , and i want to take this metaphor that comes from synthetic biology , that biology is actually a more abstract code , because it &apos;s a source of matter , because it &apos;s matter , because it &apos;s matter , because it &apos;s matter , because it &apos;s matter , it &apos;s not just the same matter .
but it &apos;s also a code , and you can also program it and you can also get it to it , so you can find it , and i found that i &apos;m incredibly fascinating , and i just wanted to get a lot deeper with your head .
that &apos;s actually a hundred really eight really , really , and that these networks .
there &apos;s a flip frontier of the road , which is originally from switzerland , that &apos;s with europe and with cooperation in india , but now members of them has been on the world .
these are the more artistic , so there &apos;s a lot of artists , and philosophers and in collaboration with scientists and they &apos;re working with scientists and asking them to process everything .
but it &apos;s actually about finding a little bit of a drug access to that , so that a playful deal with it .
and then there &apos;s a flip frontier of the road , and then there &apos;s a flip frontier .
this is from the most of the time , a network that is actually more like a kind of forum , where you &apos;re going to be able to be able to be and online .
these are a little bit of technical and also a little bit of a little bit more , and then , you know , the way that we &apos;re going to ask you is asking questions .
and from these networks that have made the most popular , it &apos;s evolved as a scene that i want to do for a minute .
here in the picture , you see the top of the left , which is a kind of a school , so basically a kind of school , a private school , where everyone can get .
children , old , all kinds of people go to the way that they just get to make them a lab and look at what can you do when these are the most important ones .
here &apos;s a group down here , a group of indonesia , called the , which is there &apos;s a long time .
longer than these other networks .
the other thing that &apos;s also about an artistic aspect of biological materials and , yes , also , and combine that on pretty much a way .
a group of dung , which i met a while ago , that &apos;s a while that &apos;s a public , which is going to be the public that you learn in college , and you &apos;ve tried to explain what &apos;s going on .
and i have a lecture on the other picture in copenhagen in the medical museum in copenhagen museum in the medical museum .
and that &apos;s , yes , that &apos;s mostly quite young people , but the only thing what one thing is all the things that are all common is this fascination on technology .
and what you can do with this is and just to go to society and ask you , okay , what do you want to do , you know what you want to do with it ?
so , okay , to make biology , you need to think of material .
you need biological materials , of course , and you need tools , and that &apos;s a lab .
or , what you usually understand under a lab that are so kind of kind of kind of kind of a lot of the machines , extremely expensive , extremely , just for the most of the time , trained academics with ph.d. and so on .
and our approach was to say , okay , that actually you don &apos;t have to do that .
that &apos;s not necessary because every one of each of each other has actually been lost in the technology than most of the most of the most of the things that are really .
and it &apos;s called the premise with this premise , and then brian &apos;s &quot; has tried to put a &quot; for brian &quot; in england , a little bit of a sudden , a computer , and yes , so that &apos;s what bacteria works .
so every one , that &apos;s a soup of soup that he left too long , also done .
i tried home in my lab , a little bit of scale , and then i bought a little bit of a little bit of a sudden on ebay and made a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a sudden , so that &apos;s how / em &amp; gt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ;
now , that &apos;s not supposed to be a joke now , but .
here &apos;s the picture down in the picture , you see the lab , in the middle of the city , so it &apos;s a little bit of a garage that has been a college set of time , which has a group of paris , and i want to do a project .
and this is a little bit of the time that &apos;s just mentioned , which is that this is a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of molecular biology .
and yes , so you see it &apos;s relatively diverse , so there &apos;s a lot of people who are doing that alone , so far , to big organizations that are going to do more .
but always the approach that it &apos;s just going to be and accessible to it .
the first project we did as an international group of our own is when we were aware of ourselves , including us now as real scene , and we &apos;re online , and we &apos;re going to know that people who always are working on it and so .
and then , in the end of the founder , the founder of the founder was the founder of the founder , and i said , we have to make a really meeting , also , and then , two events , and then , in london , is a very short thing to do in the middle of the city .
and , and then , there &apos;s also about that , okay , who are we , what do we want to do , what do we want to tell ?
and what are our values and what are our interests , our basis ?
and then we have a little bit of a little bit of a sudden .
that was quite intuitive , so everybody just has his wishes , his and what moves him , then , then .
there came , my opinion , a very good code .
and then we have the one that we have , but that &apos;s just , i think , has been a relatively good thing to do , which people are right from so .
and we even tried to bring that into academic world , but there &apos;s no way it &apos;s kind of arrived like that .
so i think we &apos;re in the way we &apos;re in terms of the academic world , even further than the academic world .
yes , what projects do we actually do ?
a project i did with the most of the time in switzerland was that we wanted to build a so-called optical case or optical sensing .
that &apos;s when you focus a beam , on a room , you can capture little particles in the air or in the liquid and then you &apos;re moving in this focus , so you &apos;ve captured a bit like this .
that really works , which is done in the academic , and we thought , okay , we might have taken a webcam that &apos;s going to be a webcam , the lens , the lens , then you have a microscope that &apos;s about a microscope .
you see that down there .
and then we have a two-year-old quadrant , and then we have the laser out and then the laser , and then try to focus on this camera .
and that &apos;s not what we did , but we &apos;ve learned a lot of it .
so another project that &apos;s from the french group of paris , that &apos;s worked , that &apos;s pretty cool .
and that &apos;s what he &apos;s like , so this is a kind of a little bit of a sudden , so that &apos;s a way of doing this , so he &apos;s got a busy , and it &apos;s busy , his favorite , is sam &apos;s favorite .
he then built this helmet , and it &apos;s in cooperation with the museum , and it &apos;s gone .
then , there could be the visitors in the room , put on this chair , put this helmet .
then their brainwaves were measured , and depending on what they thought , or how they thought , is different lights in the room .
was a pretty pleased project .
another thing from the united states , which is also to do with this kind of thing , is the most powerful thing that is the planetary , complicated word .
so it &apos;s about copying genes , to reproduce , to reproduce , to reproduce , so you can make them visible .
so if i do that now , the most of the time i do the most of the time , then , they go to the scene , and then they &apos;re going to be able to turn up this method , and then they can say , okay , this hair is going to be heard of this .
and the machines that do something that are quite expensive is that they buy commercial , the cheapest euros of the cheapest euros .
and that &apos;s not in the most of the time , but it &apos;s a really cool technology that can also be very much .
so that &apos;s just a application of many , which you can do with it .
and they have two two limitless , and they said , okay , that &apos;s what we do , and then we have open source , so free hardware , so that &apos;s the most available of the world .
i think somehow six dollars or something .
but on every case , it &apos;s still not cheap , but it &apos;s still on a frame where it &apos;s going to be available .
so it &apos;s my opinion of a very , very much advocate .
a project i started to do recently was to build a computer .
and the reason is , yes , as a kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of a kind of a time , which is about two centimeters or something .
you invites a lot of the time to be able to be able to be on the ground and then the most of the time , and then i put the ride on a ride and then put it on .
so the device that you see there is not working .
but that &apos;s my prototype , but that &apos;s pretty much looked like this , but that &apos;s what &apos;s going on on a branch that was the thing that was going on , and that was the pressure that was broken .
and then i took a little bit of a sudden and that &apos;s what i &apos;ve been doing .
a little bit of a time , if you make the full power with water , the enough pressure , so i think 40 to the bar .
and then you can accelerate the particles very much enough and then go into the tents .
and the commercial device costs about the same as a euro , or something , like that , the 50 .
so the same efficiency has not the same efficiency , but it &apos;s basically doable .
and that &apos;s the moment that &apos;s the core core of the scene , to increase this availability of technology and also increase the information and the most people and the most people can get there .
because , as i said , it &apos;s an extremely important technology , and most people have relatively little idea of it and also no chance to form it .
because if you &apos;re just reading about it , it &apos;s not the same thing , as if you &apos;ve done it yourself or seen it .
and i think technology is always going to be more important in our modern societies .
and if you can also meet as a informed citizen , and you can do it as a informed citizen in society , and you can see , you need to know the access to knowledge and technology .
and you have to do it and understand it and understand it .
and then the most powerful open open , and the citizen &apos;s open open .
so that &apos;s what you &apos;re going to do as citizens in the situation , just to make it happen with these scientific technologies .
and that &apos;s the core core of the world &apos;s core .
these are the people who have officially exploded at least the website , the website .
this is a relatively remarkable number of people worldwide .
and interesting is that they &apos;re also represented in southeast asia .
that &apos;s me , that &apos;s there , there are fewer people who are in fact .
so i know some of the ones that don &apos;t put it .
and these are just the labels that individual people are .
partly with these of these things , so these places are placed together .
and that &apos;s very much in the beginning .
like , the way i said , it &apos;s just started .
and the most important thing , so the most the most the time the most of the time in berlin was the first one , the first one .
and that &apos;s a gigantic network now , and that &apos;s a gigantic network , which is , in the world , all over the world .
and we hope that we &apos;re going to spread it , and then we &apos;re going to spread it , and then they &apos;re more connected to people .
and i would invite everyone to deal with it and also try to do what try .
it &apos;s not so simple , but it &apos;s not impossible , if you have enough curiosity and stick enough energy , you &apos;re also going to get there .
thank you very much for listening .
that &apos;s it .
yeah , hello .
how do we work people ?
this is a question that &apos;s very moving to me as a designer , but also in the area of the world &apos;s own , and all things in the field of user is in the user .
there &apos;s about how to put people in interactive media so they can use these interactive media and create them a very large experience .
i think that the interactive media in us are in the way that we &apos;re going to do cognitive models , so paradigm , the paradigm that has been very , very long , and that we can just be able to use the only thing through interactive media .
and that &apos;s very amazing because you actually believe that these are the most important that you &apos;ve met in the future , but actually it &apos;s that the future is exactly us .
what are the fact that now are the models of models ?
i &apos;ve been looking at four of them , and i want to explain the way that i want to do it .
to the cognitive models , and that &apos;s the models that we have in the chromosome times .
and to these of these things , we &apos;ve heard that we have a basically natural relationship to virtuality .
that sounds basically unusual .
i &apos;m going to go back to it , but i &apos;m going to prove you by trying to prove that they have a natural relationship to protest .
the second aspect is that we &apos;ve been able to be able to talk very much , very much , even though we use a language today .
and the third area that explains actually itself .
we all know that the interactive media is the definition of definition , which involves the denial of the line , and what tells us that we feel the most common today as normal .
the fourth point is that the story for us is a place of the world &apos;s history .
as that is with the fisheries , that &apos;s actually the most natural thing of the world .
i want to prove you that way .
how many doors does the house have the house where they live ?
we &apos;re not going to answer them immediately to answer me , but it &apos;s going to happen and happen now .
they go through the spirit of this house , in the way they live , and look at how many doors are there .
and that &apos;s what they do .
they &apos;re going to be the reality and they &apos;re very much without computers .
fantastic , right ?
and we &apos;re going to show ourselves the virtual reality for example , and we can actually show the virtual reality in our own , and we can actually do that all the time .
and this is the most virtual that the virtual reality to the reality , which has been required to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do anything in the chromosome .
they didn &apos;t have books .
or they didn &apos;t have any more a single .
they had no media media .
the only thing that had had was her head .
and in this head , memory played .
in this head , i know , drawing and with this virtual images , the imagination , were also passed out .
and so it &apos;s so strong in us that we can deal with virtuality so well .
the interesting thing about this is when i can make a little trip .
yes , that &apos;s what .
the interesting thing about this is that the human being in the same time was the human and medium itself .
now , if you &apos;re going to think a piece of view .
what are media today ?
then you &apos;ll notice that there &apos;s a change .
but i &apos;ll get to talk about it again .
the most recent tool of the world &apos;s been for a suffering .
and the priests , priests , so-called the so-called , were extra , to keep knowledge in stories .
and also , we &apos;re still dependent on stories .
the author of the book the book of the book , jonathan , , we still have a year of the day of the stories of stories .
that means that for a child that has spent most of the time of the life of the life , most of his life has spent the stories of stories .
now we think our love depends on stories that we sat on the lap of our parents .
no , no , far better .
that &apos;s a lot further back , in the cultures of the chromosome .
but for me , in the deep media , the interactive media is particularly impressive , that we have stuck by taiwan in our biological memory , the ability to think of the ability to think .
i brought you an example of the north pole of the north pole of the world &apos;s skull .
and life lived in the most of the time of british columbia .
and as you can see , it &apos;s a very small area and you had to navigate there , from island to island , to raise food .
and that &apos;s what the so-called called the so-called &quot; &#93; &quot; .
you may know that if you &apos;re interested in it , you might be interested in the australian american american .
they have similar principles .
they don &apos;t have a more a more , but they have used the way they &apos;re using the so-called the world &apos;s or also .
and what that interesting is that the navigation and the topography of regions could be shown over songs .
where the language was constantly common from the language .
that means you &apos;re going to be talking about sound and rhythm .
and this sound and this rhythm have the geology , the topography of a region , and that &apos;s what it does , of course , that you could get these songs and put it back to the left , and again , back to the right .
why don &apos;t we sing to come from a top of a b to b ?
anyway , to navigate .
what &apos;s happening there ?
this is what happens is that the way that we &apos;re doing this is the way that we go .
we &apos;ve moved to this in the so-called called the so-called a so-called .
it &apos;s what happens is the machine machine and happens is the book and happens is the most important thing .
and that &apos;s exactly what happens that we have the responsibility for our memories and the own production of our individual memories .
on the book and on the picture .
so unfortunately , we have god &apos;s a piece of god to get a piece of time .
jaclyn has become alien for us , and it &apos;s not to do with reality .
bruce brown , a well-known known of the world &apos;s favorite , is so far to say that this mass media system , he says the book and the picture , so not the television , so that media systems have been able to be able to be able to do our memories and our ability to get to the ground .
let &apos;s make a little bit of a little bit of a little bit .
from the most of the time , the machine machine .
what has influence our thinking on our thinking and on our memory ?
then the most of the time the goddess of the chromosome are the passengers .
and they &apos;re going to have more and more of the time in the centuries of the world &apos;s influence .
that means , instead of remember , we have a standard of magnitude , far common , far common patterns of memories that we can hang on our personal memories .
we don &apos;t produce more itself .
we have an abstract language .
we don &apos;t ask the thing that we don &apos;t have in pictures , but we &apos;re going to be able to do it for our language .
we &apos;ve used that things that are linear to do that .
and we &apos;ve got the most powerful as a law , and there are only exceptions , like the most of the time .
what we &apos;ve remained is the most powerful thing .
still we &apos;re very , very arrested as a very , very strong .
the question is , what &apos;s coming ?
we had the most powerful , we had the world &apos;s machine , and we &apos;re going to go to the so-called called the so-called so-called the so-called .
that sounds very much , and it sounds very much about science fiction , i know .
but these concepts of the most of the time that we bring these possibilities back to our skills .
there &apos;s about virtuality , it &apos;s about the most of the time , it &apos;s about the most of the time .
i want to explain a little bit about it .
there are technical concepts like the augmented reality , which means the extended reality .
so if you look at google , you &apos;re going to look at google , then it &apos;s a concept of what the virtual world is going to combine with the real world , which is called our doorstep to the normal , natural , natural , natural , natural , natural , natural , natural , natural , natural , natural , natural , natural , natural , natural , natural , natural , natural , natural , natural , natural .
another example is the so-called virtual reality .
so , of course , that &apos;s what &apos;s crazy to do in my talk , because we &apos;re physically moving in the existing world , virtual worlds , very after the model of the brain .
and other examples are the most important example of the most smart systems .
these are spaces that can respond to a human being .
all the ability to accept our basic ability , proteomics as a real habitat .
i &apos;m going to conclude and i hope that the video works , a very , very beautiful project , which is the most powerful of michael &apos;s favorite , and the most of the time .
and the two of them are also here today .
maybe you can stand up , so you can talk to the two of the project .
and this project i brought as an example of how again i was going to this kind of thing , cognitive models .
the whole thing is a game , i have to say .
what the most important thing of , of course , is extremely sophisticated and it &apos;s a computer game .
and if i play out , they probably have very likely to be a chance of eyes , that any people are going to be able to play people &apos;s own or that they play with any of the things that they &apos;re playing in the hand .
on every case , they do that in .
this is a game outside .
and that &apos;s the way that i think i discover the outside world , so i discover the real world .
and this game connects the virtual world , so the data is the most important thing we produce , with the real world .
i apologize that i have to be so strong .
you can explain that much better , because there &apos;s more much more behind it .
and that &apos;s about that i discover a city by looking at what places were positive or negative .
and so i get a very different sight of the city , a very different impression , which is a very different impression , which is a very different thing , and i get a very different virtual zones of a city .
and we can now look at that .
ah , what you can see here , sorry , is a little explanation of what you see .
of course , these virtual world lives in the walls of our cities , yes .
and with a kind of flashlight , we can make these virtual worlds visible .
so , i &apos;d actually like to summarize my talk and the skills that we &apos;ve acquired from the most of the time , and that &apos;s what we &apos;ve been acquired with the physical , technological , new products .
thank you .
yeah , i &apos;m very excited to you to be .
i &apos;ve been asked to ask if this bag is a living bag , and i &apos;m going to talk to you .
it &apos;s not going to do that .
i &apos;m also going to be able to be able to do what &apos;s in there .
but i just do it for n , and i just do it .
yes , kids are curious from nature or should be curious , designers .
i &apos;m a creator from house , so i &apos;m also going to be able to do the theme of curiosity and how changed curiosity , and why do we lose curiosity and so on .
this is a whole series of things that you &apos;re busy to be busy to be a creator .
if professors are curious , they &apos;re often going to be in the n of n .
and that &apos;s also what i had in the last half year .
a little bit of a natural user interface interface .
now they &apos;re going to ask yourself why all the creator are going to be with so natural , and the environmental health of communication , interaction and so on .
and i just think of one of these little devices , because things should always be intuitive , always natural , and you have to look at what &apos;s actually a human being , of course , or intuitive .
and i &apos;ve been in the background of the background , and i &apos;m going to design the natural user interface , so the next generation in the way that human computers are doing it in the relationship of the human computer .
so i &apos;ve been busy , when what &apos;s of course or intuitive .
maybe a look at a look at it .
why does that happen at all ?
so if we look at the development of our society , we &apos;ve been showing , now , we &apos;re going to move from the third in the fourth world or the most of the time .
so from modern in the world &apos;s population .
every society is shaped by a kind of a .
at the beginning , the language of the language .
that means you found it , so you &apos;ve talked to a common language , you could communicate with each other , it &apos;s the same cave , or in other areas , cities and villages and it created so much .
but the most natural thing was the language , something very natural , something very high .
so , you know , you had to learn , so no a weekly can talk about nature , but we &apos;re learning it and of course .
that was then the senior society and the first shape of abstraction .
that was a little bit of a sudden , because you started to have the living language in the form of the script , which is what &apos;s going on , which is what &apos;s going on and i &apos;m going to start it in stone and i &apos;m also going to do it .
depending on how i &apos;m going to be able to get and when i &apos;m going to be , of course , it &apos;s a very different coverage than if there &apos;s a alive of life .
but then the script moved to this script as a second , got stopped .
then the next generation came in where we actually live more than that today .
that &apos;s just the pressure and print the background with came and print .
it was a kind of a kind of a little bit of a sudden where the uterus , and the other thing , are you actually , if the people start reading , then , of course , the people want to join and of course .
and now we &apos;re coming into the next generation and the exciting thing is , a little bit of a hundred years and we &apos;re really in this moment in this in this particular phase that we &apos;re going to join that .
of course , that confused us , of course , because we see the new media , the social media , facebook media , facebook and so on .
with the total transparency , what the new thinking is , what &apos;s going on on the old thinking of the old thinking , don &apos;t tell you that in the most of the time , it &apos;s not a beef and no beef , which is i want to just do that .
and these two worlds just pop together , new and old thinking .
the exciting thing about this is when you look at that , these new society , these are very many of the mechanisms , principles of it , principles and the paradigm from the most of the time .
but not anymore on local level , but on global level .
we understood that the weather is global .
that the theme of ecology is a global .
not if i think local , and the neighbor thinks less organic , it doesn &apos;t work all the time .
that means , from local village , it &apos;s become a global village with the same principles , of course , , , , , , , , also , the total transparency .
so as you knew in the village , who has what who and when , so that &apos;s what happens today about these of our own mobile systems on global level .
it &apos;s that we know global places and faster and better .
so as it was used , it &apos;s been happening as far as the village .
i &apos;m just going to be busy to look at what &apos;s called what &apos;s going on for us , which is what we might have , which is what we might do , so what does the difference do ?
because often people come to be able to do it , so everybody can &apos;t deal with it .
so you have to deal with what &apos;s called that , because it &apos;s not just changing that it &apos;s different , but it &apos;s also going to be better .
and when is , of course , something intuitive and how can i take a creator on it and make things like that , that they &apos;re a more intuitive , so they &apos;re fun because then they &apos;re fun and they &apos;re just using .
you &apos;re busy , and you &apos;re also busy , as you have the study of perception and the most of the time .
and that &apos;s also what you start and look at and look , okay , now i just look at the inner self .
and how does it look like it &apos;s in there ?
so how do we work when we &apos;re there ?
and what does that mean , of course , intuitive and how do our channels work of perception and how cognitive processing is working ?
because steve jobs said , you know , you &apos;re going to be able to get a dig to dig up to the 50th of it .
so you really have to look at the details , if i want to make something more , or intuitive , which is what that means in the core .
and you see , you see a one of our seven senses , most of us have just been thinking about five , now , it &apos;s actually seven , because it &apos;s probably going to be the next , eighth sense , and as an extension of ourselves .
and to look at how we process information , how do we take information on ?
alone , what is information ?
information is every difference that is a difference .
many use the word , but not what it means , what it means is .
but i have to understand in the core , understanding when it &apos;s going to be information to information , when will be information and information , so i know how to do things .
and of course , design is also how design influence the perception .
we see this , if i can bring things , then i can design them confusing how to do it on the right , where i don &apos;t know what &apos;s salt and pepper , or i can make it intuitive by showing things .
so much natural , so in a head , but i &apos;m going to see right where is salt and pepper in there .
and if i say somebody , give me salt or pepper , then he &apos;s going to think about the right , where is there .
and then just the left access to the left and then i hope that no sugar is in there , the salt is just going to be loud .
but also our perception itself , how does it make us .
for example , these perception in context .
the right circle looks bigger than the little , although that &apos;s not the case , but they &apos;re just the same big , and yet our perception , depending on what context we do .
anybody knows what that is ?
130 on .
and the most time we should work .
there &apos;s no way to do that .
so it &apos;s &apos; n circle .
a second circle begins to associate certain similarity or associate .
and then , if i &apos;m going to wait , we &apos;re not going to see a unit of a unit , which is the circle , circle , right , but we see a unit , we don &apos;t see a circle .
so , you call it a little bit of the time or just a little bit of the time that we &apos;re going to do in perception .
important for the creator , that &apos;s mostly the first semester , the great of the great .
and the most near the moment , the continuity of the continuity and so on .
often , in the third , it &apos;s forgotten .
but that &apos;s a essential important part of the fact that you want to design things according to the intuitive .
the next phenomenon , which is very interesting , is that .
sounds like banal , but it &apos;s exciting to be honest when you &apos;re too busy .
so we have the eyes on the front and now think , we see from the front .
that &apos;s wrong .
you see from the back to the back .
because they &apos;re a assumption to go forward , that they see something they see , they &apos;re going to see the circle .
that means we &apos;re just seeing our gaze before we see it again , and then to say , again , back in our own way to say , okay , okay , okay .
i have so much cognitive , you have what you want to see .
that &apos;s also where it comes back again .
then it &apos;s going to go back , because the back of the back is not and says , well , look at it , and certainly you &apos;re going to look at whether you see what you want to see .
and then it &apos;s going back to the back and then it &apos;s going to be seen .
so a very , very , very , very , very much , like certain things , and what happens to the things that happen to happen .
i don &apos;t know who knows from you this picture .
there &apos;s exactly the same thing i &apos;ve described .
now , everyone &apos;s trying to see something from this pattern .
i don &apos;t know who recognizes what recognizes .
does anybody see something particular ?
a little bit of a time .
if i saw that , that &apos;s a little bit of a sudden in there , you know that .
they &apos;re never going to forget it anymore because i &apos;m going to show you where the most of the time is .
now you see the most of the time .
and further , you see it always .
that means i actually have to judge them now that they don &apos;t recognize patterns , but i have them in a very short time , always again , again , to see this dog in this proportion .
and that &apos;s this projection of view , and you see , see , see .
now i know it and now i &apos;m going to see that i see the most of the time i see the most of the time .
i see the most of the time .
so , very exciting processes , which then , in this , gray is not actually , but here in this kind of mass system , it &apos;s just true .
anybody knows what three seconds are ?
long , yes .
this is our present .
so , it &apos;s always interesting to know than designers .
if i know something takes three seconds , i can just bridge the present in the present , and i can also bridge it very well .
it &apos;s just going to process it as a present .
then it &apos;s going to go into the past and so i can bridge very elegant to the computer , for example , if i know this phenomenon .
what takes a milliseconds of milliseconds ?
yes , milliseconds .
a very exciting phenomenon .
that &apos;s the period of the period where you love in love .
that means , security , if you know that now , you pay attention to who you &apos;re looking at as long as i &apos;m not going to get a gun for what can happen .
and 78 milliseconds , also a very exciting phenomenon .
that &apos;s the most perceptions of most perceptions that we have .
that means that first impression happens in a dense fast speed , like we perceive things .
and as we can see things , what we &apos;re looking at and how we &apos;re also protecting ourselves against our environment is so that we can think about it .
of course , the creator don &apos;t just be with the subject of perceptions and neural , or the most innovative , but ubiquitous , of course with the subject of the most of the world &apos;s issue .
so like a human being , a human with certain things .
there &apos;s once a lot of time , the practical functions , so the kind of thing or the most of the things .
there are a lot of the time where i know exactly where i have to reach .
but there &apos;s also symbolic functions , why are someone for such a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of time , where anyway , so much of the time that it &apos;s not so practical ?
there we are more likely to be on the symbolic , on the most powerful , which we &apos;re also doing as a creator .
back to my actual topic , natural users interface and the theme , which of course , is also a lot of the time .
and the fact is , the way i can do a certain goal is , how can i get a certain goal or how can a user in a certain more walkable , efficient and amjad .
so it &apos;s more likely to say the norm .
how can i make something very much more ?
i can do that directly or i need to do that , &quot; n manual or i need to do training for it . &quot;
and less , less than a more , or a lot of the time .
that i just can do that differently and make beautiful , doesn &apos;t mean it &apos;s better .
you have to understand that .
and then if you &apos;re part of the software that we &apos;ve seen , you &apos;ll understand why the most recent percent of our software is little intuitive or not to be able to be able to be a classic software .
it &apos;s intuitive to the intuitive of the , not only for apple , and it &apos;s been a fundamental amount of time , and i think , it &apos;s a fundamental amount of time , if i want to make technological devices .
why ?
because in the rule , we &apos;re through these new kinds of the world &apos;s new kind of energy , so the natural user is five times faster in average .
you have to imagine that if you make something the classic , five hours , you need a hour of the natural software , just a hour .
that doesn &apos;t mean they could probably go home four hours , but their employer or no longer falls , and he &apos;s going to be a bit of how he &apos;s busy .
but i want to say that it &apos;s a little bit of a sudden of course , and it &apos;s also a certain things to do .
if we go back to the extent , the first thing we &apos;re going to do is the first more , the first thing that were very abstract , where you needed months to deal with these systems .
then the next one that &apos;s already coming with the dress of neural model or mental model like the software , which is , you have a idea of something that &apos;s a desktop , the metaphor of a desktop .
so not more zeros and ones or the burden of code , but just a metaphor .
that &apos;s what it did much more than a lot of the time , but it &apos;s also much better .
the next generation of the graphics works very much more with behavior .
so i &apos;m going to bring a lot more likely to do that as a creator .
this is also a paradigm paradigm .
that i &apos;m always looking at that , i &apos;m going to look at the success for success , just the most of the time .
and then if i still have a step of a step in these natural user interfaces , where i &apos;m a voice , by language , by touch , by gesture and not more .
but that &apos;s what i &apos;m going to do again , and the point is , when are things going to be intuitive ?
if you &apos;re going to be intuitive and then i have to take my little friend here and look at what that means , because of view of the most intuitive , when is it really intuitive ?
and that &apos;s for us to people &apos;s always intuitive , if i have to think about it .
so he seems to think , it &apos;s not like to think , but it &apos;s just going to be done .
the less i think about it , the intuitive is it .
and what does that mean for designers ?
that means if we look at the existing of existing , we can transmit existing of a little bit different , for example , , for example , i can do that as a creator .
that means i can just transmit an intuitive human being on a software and make the software much more powerful .
of course , the question is , what is actually the most important thing of us , and now i &apos;ve been telling you about it .
this is called the so-called the so-called .
this is what everybody &apos;s using us and the most of us is an acronym and stands for a two-year-old , and it &apos;s , in the way , , a lot of , the way , is , the most important .
this is what everybody does all the time , but it &apos;s the unconscious and yes , and it &apos;s sort of intuitive or partly loud .
the model is already going to be in the womb , and it &apos;s a little bit of the time , so it works in the world in young and old , and it &apos;s used by us all the time without most of that model .
and the most of the time is about 50 to the time of us , and it &apos;s about 50 to the time of activity , so you &apos;ve noticed that it &apos;s less often going to be more often than the day .
i can now be able to be able to be able to be able to transmit mental and a half , and i &apos;m going to be able to transmit a lot of mental health , and i &apos;m going to be able to transmit a lot of the time .
and through these kinds of transmission , similar to the metaphor of the most of the time , but not more a metaphor of a physical object , but a metaphor of a computer , a computer .
and that &apos;s on a higher grail of the most of the time that the transmission of a classical metaphor , which is the most of the time .
and if i &apos;m going to get that , for example , i &apos;m a little bit of a sudden , as a sense of a little bit , as a choice , it &apos;s going to be big to me , i can look at it in detail , and yes , i can look at it .
then i can transmit the whole thing .
i &apos;m trying to do that by a gun .
just one of the pies ate cake .
and now , i &apos;m going to interact with the object , again , can zoom back , zoom on .
i &apos;ll get the entire one , now , can filter this and say , just show me all the thing with chocolate .
and once a interface , what &apos;s much more intuitive and very much natural .
because , because i can reach things like the pieces of the site , and they can come to me , is much natural than if over 380 organized websites or other mechanisms can make these things available .
imagination is more of the most powerful , and i want to close with this sentence , and i want to close to you , and again , to give you a clue , designers have to think differently to come to new solutions , and i &apos;m going to be very excited about it .
i want to help you a very specific aspect of curiosity .
the first thing that you &apos;re going to be a child is that you &apos;re going to take care of what the most of the things you have , yes ? and depending on whether your parents have allowed you to play more or less .
and the curiosity don &apos;t learn .
so , that &apos;s why all of these are the ones that are curious and curious , in fact , people who have a property that you can &apos;t learn .
i &apos;m going to go to this , basically , this whole whole thing , the most of the time , to make 40 years of life , in quality .
and there &apos;s a central point of it .
and that depends on phosphorus .
give a chance to give .
every day you give you a lot of internal phosphorus phosphorus , and you have to take a lot of phosphorus phosphorus .
otherwise you can &apos;t have teeth .
you can &apos;t store energy .
you can &apos;t have bone .
we could only perform as a bioluminescent of the world &apos;s favorite .
if we don &apos;t take phosphorus and make it .
amazingly , it &apos;s that we &apos;re looking at something like this with something that would be actually a place , but not so .
because all of you talk about energy , but nobody talks about the most of the time .
the most critical thing is much critical .
we depend on two countries .
we only have phosphorus and now , in the world , a lot more uranium in the world than in all nuclear power .
in the last 20 years , the tons of uranium are covered tons of uranium in germany .
and we take all of this .
it makes leukemia in children .
and we think we would protect the environment if we &apos;re a little less harmful .
so , for example , the environment , the environment , is less car .
the environment , do less waste .
the environment , the same energy , less energy .
but that &apos;s not protection .
that &apos;s how if i would say , your child , blow it up only three times .
this is just a little bit less destruction .
if we think about the momentum to the most of the way , our whole earth is going to be used or later a cemetery .
so , that &apos;s what the momentum is to think about .
and the most important thing is , we look at the ground , as a first .
in the ground , over 60 percent of the world &apos;s population is stored .
now , in the moment , we &apos;re building corn and lose between 11 and 30 kilograms of 30 tons per hectare , or on the square square .
that means we lose about five times more than new , as new as new .
we can look at the most of the time .
and everything is packaging or content .
for example , in the world &apos;s age , 20 percent of the world &apos;s favorite are now tracking .
and because we &apos;re going to be older , they &apos;re going to be bigger .
that &apos;s the way that it &apos;s all in the most of the time .
yes ?
a baby needs about six ^ .
we could reduce that of 10 percent , but what does that do ?
that &apos;s going to be balanced in china in a second .
that &apos;s completely strong .
so the question is , how do we go to these pairs of these are ?
here &apos;s one of the evidence that men are not pigs .
i want to tell you .
because the phosphorus is going to be emitted in the pigs about the solid components of huntington .
in the people over the urine .
yes .
so men can &apos;t be pigs .
because that &apos;s what &apos;s going on , right ?
traditionally , we think in the most of the world &apos;s most , we &apos;re too many on the world .
and if you &apos;re the people who if you &apos;re going to get the people to see it , if you say that , you &apos;re not going to be there , you &apos;re not going to be able to get it and hostile .
and so someone says , like al gore , one of our great heroes , there &apos;s nothing more than the human population to stabilize .
in israel , you say , if you &apos;re a living , you &apos;re going to say the earth .
here it says , the more you &apos;re going to be able to do the better .
yes .
the first question is , are we really too many ?
if you look at the ants , the weight of ants on earth , then the ants weigh about four more than we .
i could also take termites , but in the united states , nobody likes to see termites , although they &apos;re born .
that means the ants weigh much more than we .
and because they &apos;re physically working harder than we &apos;re working and because they &apos;re only three to six months , they &apos;re in their weight , in the energy consumption something 30 billion people .
that means we &apos;re not too many , we &apos;re too stupid , yes ?
and where do we see how far we &apos;re going to do what we really wanted to do and how sad we are , we can see that we &apos;re going to see that for example , you can see that for example , a program has to be a program until 20 40 .
you can only be a lot of the time if you don &apos;t exist , yes ?
the only chance .
did you see a tree tree ?
yes ?
a single ?
that means our whole intelligence means that we want to be smart than trees , yes ?
yes ?
no tree is a tree .
luckily , not , yes ?
there &apos;s no more a brain problem on trees .
there &apos;s still six billion trees alone in the water .
did you hear something about the trees of trees ?
that means all our intelligence means that we want to be smart than trees .
and where you see , even in something like the warrior , the environmental biological yes , allows you to go back to our own own .
every year we lose three million tons of phosphorus , which really has to go back in the other .
and so we &apos;re too many .
beyond it .
we feel so guilty that we feel so guilty on earth that we say , there &apos;s no more a single , no , no , no , the ones that allow our own competitors .
isn &apos;t that sad ?
so we &apos;re too many .
it &apos;s safe to be less harmful , which oil oil is .
but where are we useful ?
we &apos;re trying to minimize our ecological footprint , but it &apos;s about having a big footprint that &apos;s useful .
we want to be good for society , we want to be good for the economy , but if it comes to the environment , is the highest , not there ?
and , yes , yes ?
you can only have a more of the time if you &apos;re not there .
even if you shoot yourself now , you would have emissions .
so you can &apos;t solve that .
we can do it differently .
we can back our nutrients .
we &apos;re doing agriculture in brazil in where we go back to nutrients .
right , we can put nutrients in agriculture , and we can do nutrients .
we &apos;re doing that in china , for example , where we take the waste of it .
in china , a little bit of a sudden is a more likely to do today , sort of , right ?
and in our western world , we were always too stupid , our nutrients .
that means the whole western is going to draw that the city has always taken , but the farmers never have a little bit of walking .
so , this is the cities that had to grow more , because the farmers were going to the cities and they had to get their nutrients away .
so all western rich are always expanding , until they don &apos;t have the infrastructure , and then they &apos;re in the world .
yes ?
in china , it was different .
you &apos;ve done a civilization of civilization about five years , because you &apos;ve always been able to bring nutrients to bring together .
even today , if you &apos;re invited to eat in china , you expect to eat that you &apos;re going to stay as long as you look at the toilet .
because it &apos;s arguments to go and take nutrients .
you have invited them to eat them , not to the most of the time .
that means you can see in the internet , how to go back to nutrients .
that &apos;s actually beautiful , if you do that , so agriculture does it , it &apos;s a spiral of land , on a hectare of five people in favelas , so that &apos;s a farmer waiting and the plant and vegetables and fish and fish and fish and fish and fish and fish and fish and fish and fish and fish and fish and fish and fish and fish and fish and fish and fish and fish and fish and fish and fish and fish and fish and fish and fish and fish and fish and fish and fish
and the great thing about this is that the most important thing in the favelas is about ninety percent .
so we don &apos;t have to control people , very little bad .
we can support them , to be good .
that &apos;s of course , but the facilities are wearing themselves .
the byproduct is clean water .
and they &apos;re designed to design through the design , which is just able to manage a farmer .
that means that the most important thing is going back .
and no one of these facilities , we &apos;ve built over the last 20 years , not from these facilities ever became the most of the time .
you could just just be a liter of a liter of the way , and then the plant would be ruined over years .
don &apos;t find .
that means we don &apos;t have to control people , very little bad .
we can support them , to be good .
that means we need to be phosphorus .
and by the way , if you want to do what you want to do , you &apos;re going to be able to do it in germany , in germany , the best thing is in the most important .
unfortunately , not in the most of the time , but maybe you can help the most of the time .
because the most common facility could best be the phosphorus back .
and that has to go back .
we see that phosphorus is really critical .
and we see that it &apos;s going to be done .
we &apos;ve been using ourselves in holland now about three years .
the dutch government has explained , they &apos;re going to be the first country in the world , which is phosphorus .
but we need that in total .
understand , there are two countries who control almost 70 percent of the world &apos;s world .
there &apos;s a bunch of the opec of the conscience .
these are the countries who control 40 percent of the world &apos;s population .
and the oil is going to replace us by other behaviors .
but the phosphorus will not replace you .
that &apos;s not about making the existing one little bit less bad , but it &apos;s about making something right .
and it &apos;s all about asking what the right thing is .
that means it &apos;s about efficiency , not efficiency .
in holland , you understand that easier because in holland is built in holland .
yes ?
imagine if your wife is sad , if you have a upset , you &apos;re going to come with 50 volts .
completely inefficient .
but very effective , yes ?
or take a half .
a woman in germany eats about six kilograms of three kilograms of life .
this is what .
that &apos;s not exactly not exactly the same thing because because we don &apos;t know how much more of it is going to be .
but a very ubiquitous , even at that lighting , can i tell you , is completely inefficient , but very effective , yes ?
a whole thing that &apos;s beautiful in life is not efficient .
so , that &apos;s not resource efficiency , but efficiency .
to ask , what is the right ?
not , the most powerful to burn a little bit better and to lose it and lose it in the most common materials for the other time , but first of all , how do you ask the other dimensions ?
imagine mozart efficient .
yes ?
if i &apos;m going to dinner them , and i say , yes , there &apos;s a pill with a little bit of water and a glass of water .
wonderful , &quot; do you ?
this is efficient .
everything in life is not efficient .
if you fall in love with somebody , efficient ?
yes ?
that means everything counts in life is not to avoid it , to avoid .
the whole thing .
we say people , oh , you don &apos;t have green in the south .
no , that &apos;s exactly the right thing , yes ?
in every place where you &apos;re going to be able to get out of , yes , you &apos;re going to get back to it .
but the wrong things .
if you &apos;re going to get the wrong things , you have a little bit of a time .
in like we think about north .
there &apos;s every footprint there .
if you walk , yes , everybody &apos;s footprint is the ground .
because the ground is going to die the mosses and the wind and the water , the ground and the water is going to be gone .
but if you &apos;re in italy , everybody means the footprint that are longer in the meadow .
so , it &apos;s about creating a big footprint that will be a joint .
not a lot of the time .
we say in germany .
yes ?
but if i ask them how to do it with their wife ?
what do you say ?
sustainable .
then i say , &quot; do you say , &quot; do you say , &quot; well ?
this is just the minimum .
so not saving , give up , avoid .
everybody is essential .
and it &apos;s an lust when you see in italy , like people in high bow , like that , the coke &apos;s car .
because you know , that &apos;s a process of a process .
it &apos;s a form of the form of the world &apos;s , yes ?
you can show , i was there .
but with the right design , please .
we &apos;ve developed a little bit of a sudden , which is in temperature temperature .
you can roll them into where they go and stand .
in two hours , they build all over the place .
and it contains seeds from rare plants so that they &apos;re moving through biodiversity .
that means we &apos;re useful , not less harmful .
so it &apos;s two peaks .
not all of you should be base .
a television or a washing machine , which is just using them , they don &apos;t use them .
just the things that the most important , like the most of the time , how to be the way that they &apos;re going to be , like , is that they &apos;re going to biological systems .
things that are just used to go to technical systems .
but today we &apos;re just talking about the biological systems .
yes ?
for example , the most of the time , yes ?
direct advertising , and it &apos;s not for the company of memetics , but that &apos;s what they &apos;re doing now , to make this company successful .
because we don &apos;t do things more free .
yes ?
so , if i &apos;m going to eat them , and i say that &apos;s free from the most of the time , and then it doesn &apos;t help you .
no , we &apos;re stuck , what &apos;s in there .
positive .
so not like the way .
not toxic in it .
but everything in that is useful .
these are the first shoes that they can do with the most of the time on the top of the world &apos;s head and can go to the rubber of biological ocean , right ?
everything is above it .
and if it &apos;s going to work , of course , it &apos;s going to be us for pollination , for nike , for nike and the whole textile industry .
and that &apos;s half of all of all the most of the most important world that causes by the textile industry .
so , that &apos;s what they help , ask them to ask people .
hey , fuck , are you really serious ?
because they &apos;ve been changing twice the most unusual .
and i &apos;m not sure if you really get it .
so , help me a little bit about it .
but it &apos;s .
yes .
that &apos;s what &apos;s been shown .
that &apos;s .
we can do things now that they can , if they breaks , they can be able to be able to be in biological melodies .
technical suburban is the same .
there &apos;s a direct deal of this .
that &apos;s the first ecological backpack , actually , that &apos;s done for that , back to the cycle .
so , in every store , you can do things .
if you come to that , yes ?
do you remember the fear of the world ?
if it &apos;s the trash .
all over the way , these are the boards around .
in the countries where people come to money .
there on the front of the world , but also in the landscape , yes ?
if we change the plastics , so he can go to biological systems if we change the most important thing , inside the world , they can be able to grow back with a baby in israel or tunisia .
yes ?
if you take these educated , you &apos;re holding it , you &apos;re making it , you know , environmental and the powder to plant trees .
so , this is the baby &apos;s baby for the whole life , and it &apos;s already about the beginning .
so , we don &apos;t need to be a lot of the time , we can be a lot of time .
it &apos;s kind of a nuclear print of print .
yes , sort of .
yes ?
we can do that .
we can reinvent everything else .
i started a institute .
now there are many people working there with and they can all be involved .
there &apos;s extra one club to be a club , where everybody can join .
so not anymore , saving , avoid , reduce , reduce , no , it &apos;s not a brain , but intelligent waste .
does it make the curious curious ?
thank you .
the work of the most of the time .
music as language .
in the description of my talk , i wrote that i &apos;m a &quot; a &quot; as a &quot; a &quot; , so in english , in english , understand .
and the final notes are the pediatrician of the written notes in a literal music .
you don &apos;t just have a word for word for word for word in another language , but also to understand the deeper sense of the words and you have to understand it with a good translation .
and in the english , to translate out of the german in english , more knowledge , it can require more , it &apos;s when you &apos;re going to be poetry or about poetry .
but alien is it &apos;s for worship , which we do with our own .
as a result of a computer , i just have the written notes .
you think that the composer has exactly the notes in the notes , which he has imagined .
in fact , the notes are very vague and busy .
these notes are about exactly the same or a nonprofit , like a verbal , if it &apos;s very difficult to be accurate , description of a landscape .
because in this verbal , the smell of flowers is not to smell the flowers of the flowers , just to hear the degree of the most powerful , not feeling .
that means the pope has to be the most of the time in the world &apos;s way , which is a different , concrete , spontaneous , strictly , strictly translate .
today i want to tell you what i else translate musical , so , again , in a verbal language .
so virtually a translation of translation .
so i &apos;m going to be able to do it all the time on german , because if i had to translate it into english , it would be easier to me with translation of translation .
so the music works for me as similar as spoken language .
the most important notes have the function of the letters of a script .
so it &apos;s not going to be able to learn just to learn , and the key thing to do is to press the piano or the right place on a computer .
because that &apos;s just the letters that you learned to paint .
the point of the letters is just watching the language , if you can do the language .
so , you need to learn for the learning process of music at least as long as spoken language .
there &apos;s also a way to get out there , whether you learn it for the most of the time , just to understand it , or you can talk to the musical speaker .
the work of the most similar thing begins to be like a computer .
after you first chose a piece of play , because you &apos;re excited about it , you &apos;re going to be able to be fooled by the composition of the composition .
you &apos;re advising information about the piece of the piece of the world .
you read in the letters , you &apos;re going to be able to get notes , notes , or whether it &apos;s words , you have thought of composers itself .
you studied the works that he wrote before and after .
you compare .
the reservations , it &apos;s too writing .
how did he feel ?
how did his life be , how do the society and politics ?
all of this is interested in me .
you think in this time by looking at contemporary images , or you read literature .
but you also have a rich knowledge of the time , but you also know , a rich knowledge of the composers you play more than you &apos;re playing more than it , and it &apos;s always easier to feel in it .
the composer will always be more to the friend that you live with .
his cause , the piece of writing , will always be more and more to my personal cause , it &apos;s going to play .
now , there &apos;s the notes all other than a precise record of the embassy , but just a framework , i &apos;m going to turn this framework to it again .
i say , with my own words , what could be written between this framework .
i play what these notes could have to mean .
now for me and for composers , and what they &apos;re now thinking about for him today .
every tone , every phrase gets a sense of it , because i feel it , because it &apos;s from my now personally .
it has to be for me in here and now , and now i can &apos;t convince my audience that that &apos;s my cause .
it &apos;s always a very happy concert , if i can have the experience that i have in advance , like to experience the piece of experience .
as you &apos;ve been able to new day , as you &apos;ve been able to do , even though with the same rituals of life , up , breakfast , to work , i &apos;m going to go back to the same piece .
i have become older again , the seasons change , my pulse go down to the evening , in a auditorium , it takes longer to come back to the sound .
i &apos;m going to breathe the audience &apos;s audience , aware or unconscious .
all of that influenced me and all that influenced my experience with the composition .
very wonderful , if i stand with a computer on the stage , and we have the same wavelength .
then the same thing happens in a good , more , a conversation .
you get a new idea in and it &apos;s going to answer this to a reaction .
it &apos;s exciting because then things that we haven &apos;t been hacked with and what you can &apos;t do .
it makes a big fun to make music , and they have experienced as the audience , as the music communicates alive .
so every concert is a different concert .
i &apos;m never going to play more like this , like in this moment .
i can &apos;t play today as in 20 years .
i &apos;m going to have more life life than today and i &apos;m going to have a lot more of the time in the of the world &apos;s own palette , and they have a lot more to do with emotions and emotions than today .
sure , i &apos;m going to have some of the things that i &apos;m going to have , but for new feces .
have a nice physical example of this .
it was on a computer &apos;s computer for the beloved old teacher , professor , a well-known , a well-known , a well-known , a well-known professor of the world &apos;s time in the world &apos;s .
unfortunately , i was a lot of too young , so he was already a lot of time when i finally started studying .
but i had the great luck , it was very early , with 13 years , meet and so i was already at my school .
i was 17 when i took back to one of his courses , and i played the last one of the four bond of chopin , a computer &apos;s .
he asked me what the introduction of these are the most important for me .
this is a part of a part of the way .
and in my favorite , i said , expectation .
he &apos;s got and said , so ?
that must be the most important .
because for me , it means memory .
he was already over 60 .
well , with 17 , you &apos;ve got dreams , but no major memories .
i play the piece of all the few years again , and i &apos;ve been being moved for it , although no single note has changed .
every time it &apos;s exciting , because again , i read something new .
an example of this is a very different area . spatial , the most of the time .
it &apos;s always the same garden , but to different prototypes , in the same way , light .
he translated the most powerful , translated up , like he saw them , like they &apos;re in this moment .
his personal personal system of the world &apos;s personal .
the computer interpretation of a piece of a piece of a piece of a piece of this is comparable .
now i &apos;m also older than chopin with a few years ago than he wrote the piece .
he just lived in the years .
and it &apos;s important to look at the notes , even though i mean , you can do it .
to keep the other way to keep the composers right with the composers .
because the notes are the only connection to him .
especially if he died .
now , how do you start talking about the language of music ?
i said , you need about it as long as spoken language .
often the most important thing is that you &apos;re learning the notes .
you &apos;re learning basically first to read that before you just talk a word .
you learn to find the notes on the instrument .
if all the fingers and right , as it &apos;s in the notes , it &apos;s going to come out of the notes , then sound come out of it like music .
if that &apos;s easy , the student gets the most powerful piece .
about interpretation is hardly spoken in the most common .
well , there &apos;s a good thing on the front , which is a quick piece .
and the slowly thing .
according to and the other , f and b , etc .
that &apos;s the most one here .
but even if you &apos;re doing this data , it &apos;s still a little bit more technical .
and it &apos;s not a interpretation .
i wonder .
i wonder that you often forget something very much .
because , to make music on the instrument , that &apos;s what your musical musical and feeling before .
because that &apos;s singing .
a child that doesn &apos;t learn that , because it doesn &apos;t have the parents , it &apos;s not going to do it by itself .
this is like the most of the time .
it &apos;s necessary to have its own experiences and idea of music to get it over a different way , so to make a instrument .
people who never sing , they never felt immediately with their own body , like it &apos;s , to form a sound .
a phrase with his own breath .
because the instrument system is the extension of our body .
our vocal vocal vocal , our hands and feet to dance .
so the most the time the peak of my fingers are the sequel of my fingers .
the tune comes from the most of the time and the rhythm from the dance .
the grand of the world today is not to deny music .
you don &apos;t need to make music anymore if it &apos;s going to be a boring .
not need to whistle a little bit of a sudden or singing .
every single music will be shown when you &apos;re going to be more likely to get music .
sure , there are some of you who say , yes , but what do you do when i can &apos;t sing ?
i wonder , can you not sing , a , because you believe that you can &apos;t sing ?
or b , because they didn &apos;t learn to sing ?
in both , it &apos;s not too late to start to figure out if they can &apos;t , or learning how to hire these little muscles that the vocal vocal vocal .
because you can train .
or c , because you have it to you , you &apos;re going to be a lot of them .
i ask , how did the diagnosis of the diagnosis was this diagnosis ?
did you have a little bit of a sudden or a half of the time , how do you say it &apos;s beautiful ?
or d , they don &apos;t like music and they want to do that also .
but what i would do is , what i would do is because music is a beautiful , more , a little bit of time .
but maybe you can also do it even more .
well , you see , you have to be on all cases , nobody has to be a candidate candidate .
but don &apos;t say , i don &apos;t understand anything from classical music .
i can &apos;t say if it &apos;s good or bad .
i said , but sure , you can say , &quot; you know , it &apos;s like it likes to tell you or not .
because i don &apos;t think it says someone , i don &apos;t know if it tastes me , because i can &apos;t cook .
so , they don &apos;t give up to food , just because they can &apos;t cook .
so you don &apos;t have to get rid of classical music , because you don &apos;t play any instrument .
listen to and say , if it tastes you or not .
whether the music is to be too sweet or too sweet .
say what they feel .
and the time you get nuclear and you want to taste something more spices , or even taste more spices .
why am i now asking from my audience that it &apos;s also listening to active ?
because the music is a language , and a language is to communicate there .
a piece of artwork that you never look at , has no power to work .
the food , which was a chef or a chef , has been eaten , and not just looked at recipes .
so please listen to , if a music is played .
it &apos;s not just a nice job .
if in a environment , where do adults make music or listen to the other music , a child is going to be a child , then it &apos;s very easy to ask for a computer , to ask , what color has your flower ?
can you play them now in blue ?
and the child plays , after a computer , instead of a red flower , a blue flower .
and this sounds very different than before .
that was the first beginning of a single musical expression .
so the first step to a interpretation .
and what happens when you &apos;re playing a piece of today , which is originally written a hundred , or a hundred years ago , is written in front of a hundred years ago ?
now , the instruments have evolved .
there was no piano in the stream of the stream as a instrument .
it was not invented yet .
i think the stream would have been excited when he had had the foreign possibilities of the modern world today .
i can now get the most powerful , which had had the stream , on the modern wing , which can &apos;t make a difference of what a computer system can &apos;t do .
and also , from beethoven , you know that he heard more than he was deaf .
today , a modern orchestra is able to play everything , which has been rejected a orchestra from the time as a result of the world .
so the composers are on us , which is the pieces of the pieces .
so they &apos;re going to be the spacecraft , which they just imagined in the spirit .
and also , what you would think about today is .
or that , what i &apos;m going to do today is because what you could have thought about .
thank you .
you know what &apos;s envy ?
were they already a 747 ?
and how does that feel ?
suck .
i have a friend who drives a computer .
if i come to come with my little alibi w , and i &apos;m going to get wrong , comes to this feeling .
i &apos;m going to take something through the head .
i say , &quot; do you need a lot of the &quot; n big car ? &quot;
that &apos;s what you &apos;ve got half of his value .
and at all , you work much less than i .
why do i have to afford to do so n little car ?
and then i &apos;m immediately going to fall , that &apos;s unfair .
it &apos;s against justice .
and as i say the word justice , this awkward feeling is gone .
our organism invented a great way to get these amazing feelings like envy .
you can also try that with words like revenge or a car or a car .
i want to explain to you with this mechanism today , or a little bit of arguing about what &apos;s safe to you .
the mechanism comes from the lie .
but think about the lie , as you might have heard , if people say , nobody has a wall to build a wall .
and then rocks are going to be the ones that he &apos;s going to cut up with .
you see , in such a lie , you see that the liars don &apos;t believe what he says .
it &apos;s easy to check out that he has a lot of different in the sense .
he &apos;s just making it and not themselves .
no , the lie i &apos;m talking about , that has to be fooled with it .
they need these lie to get a more a look at self-deception .
you can less easily bring it to the collapse , yes , and also to collapse .
they need time .
from this time , an anecdote talks about it .
the spanish painter garrett once has a woman named .
this woman then complained , the portrait would not see her .
picasso says , wait for just wait .
it &apos;s always going to be similar to you .
and if you laugh , and if you laugh , you see how important this lie is and how much time you need to experience something artists can tell us .
because artists have a high relationship to lie .
the artist gives you something with , and especially this lady , what you don &apos;t see when you just look at the mirror .
the artist is sharing them in a portrait of something that they &apos;re just familiar with when they look at this piece of artwork again .
then this awkward feeling disappears , it could not be able to see you and it &apos;s always going to be similar to you .
here they have this mechanism that we can use as a great invention to the world &apos;s lie .
and not only in art , in the most of the time , in the mythology , in the mythology , it &apos;s going to be on the same .
you may know this idea of the lady that looked at every morning in the mirror and asked him who is the most beautiful in the country ?
one day , this mirror says , yes , there &apos;s a little bit of a time .
behind the seven mountains and so on .
and you also know how much hostility from this true one can &apos;t lie , the mirror can &apos;t lie , from this true one .
but we should just make us familiar with that , that you can &apos;t say a woman , that there &apos;s a woman somewhere else .
here it is necessary , which is what we understand under the world &apos;s disease , always put back .
we need this lie , that &apos;s the lie that we can &apos;t have to succeed , without the ones we can &apos;t yet .
we don &apos;t just have in art , in the most of the art , but also in science , it &apos;s such great lies .
and there &apos;s this story of the woman &apos;s wife &apos;s wife .
she heard about this book from charles darwin , the emergence of the species and the caucasus of people .
that the human being should be developed by the monkeys , and , yes , there was a common ancestor between people and monkeys .
and then they ran them to her husband and said , that &apos;s not true , which is charles .
the human being should have evolved from the monkeys or a common ancestor .
no , no , that &apos;s not .
and if it &apos;s true , we have to prevent that people know about it .
why do we prevent people to get knowledge of something if it &apos;s true ?
because we can &apos;t live without these of these .
because we &apos;re this self-deception , this feeling , great to be the accumulation of the highest creatures , not from one such kind of a kind of a way that exists to be a stone , and that &apos;s what things that are going on for us .
so , we can &apos;t do these things .
we need to prevent that people know knowledge of things , especially if they &apos;re true .
so you see , how slow this mechanism is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to look like , and how the traces that he leaves is that they want to be able to take a more story than this great picture of ourselves .
a particularly beautiful story , like i mean .
my wife told me .
she came from school , she &apos;s a teacher , and she told her about a student .
a student .
she likes to like it , because he has a tendency to get a tendency to the following .
and she asked him what are their hobbies ?
and there he says , well , i &apos;m at the fire fire .
and because i &apos;m at the fire fire , i &apos;m interested in the things that i &apos;m interested in .
yes , you feel it , if you &apos;re breeding on this point . there &apos;s something wrong .
i said , i said , &quot; i said , &quot; well , if a human being in a moral handle , i said , &quot; well , we should try to replace it through the most of the time . &quot;
do that again and then they experience the sentence .
although i &apos;m at the fire fire , i &apos;m interested in the things that i &apos;m interested in .
they feel that this is the real truth behind the world .
so a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of time that &apos;s not interested in the world &apos;s .
the interest for the most important .
but there &apos;s no clubs that we can look at , where you learn how to do fire .
there &apos;s only the second second second , just the fire fire .
he signed .
and the most of the time , you don &apos;t say his teacher , you like to put fire somewhere somewhere and you &apos;re happy when the fire is going to be a little bit of time .
no , it just looks much better when we show that we &apos;re in charge of it , the dangers that are just creating the other if they put fire .
here they have these little mechanism .
these are these of these things that knew that the heart of the most of the time was that he &apos;s actually related to the fire , but that he can &apos;t say that it can &apos;t be loud .
here they have this kind of thing between the unconscious and the conscious , which is immediately falling away without that they can do something about it , and they can know that they can look at a lot better for them and others .
so just so simple these words that we &apos;re using in the language of the political degradation of the political degradation .
we actually know that something else is .
but we know if we &apos;re going to say that , the social major very sensitive to the social .
we can &apos;t just do that .
it &apos;s impossible to do things in a society that should work , to present .
i want to argue to you now what we found in my institute .
after which logic , these self-deception , the willingness , the willingness to be a different reality as the ones we actually know is that they &apos;re in the unconscious .
i want to tell you two , maybe three examples of it .
the first example is , what many of you know and some of you appreciate , just not need a few of them .
i mean the soul .
what is the soul ?
the soul is so much intellectual , says about leibniz .
it &apos;s something that &apos;s not about stop , physical nature .
and if you have people who are the solid belief , they have a soul , or you can also say that they were going to be able to do that as a human soul , and they &apos;re not going to be a human being , and they &apos;re going to be a dead .
and from this soul , you think that you &apos;re kind of in this mining nature , in this particular nature , it &apos;s called the latin , the most of the time , present .
and then when this is the most difficult thing , and then it &apos;s going to be filled with people , with a mind , with nature , with nature , which can only live with soul .
and then he can just be able to be a little bit of the time .
that &apos;s the idea of how the soul works .
so she &apos;s supposed to come from the outside to people .
so we should be able to perceive them as something that &apos;s going to be present for our lives .
and if you have this premise , you understand the logic that we &apos;re experiencing , through a lie , to improve our world .
because now you can apply a to apply a little bit of a time .
you know , you know , you know , the school .
this is a little bit of a sudden that describes us a logic .
that &apos;s the hardest part in my talk .
here you need something logic , but also the willingness to lie .
because that &apos;s how to lie that they can just apply this logic wrong .
in this particular way , three sentences come .
the first sentence is , &quot; it &apos;s not a soul . &quot;
so the second sentence is , if you &apos;re right , it &apos;s not a soul , then he doesn &apos;t have soul .
now there &apos;s a third sentence .
i &apos;ve been stuck with him particularly .
a third sentence that immediately is in people who have a strong sense of a soul .
they say who doesn &apos;t have soul , who is dead and can &apos;t say nothing .
and here you feel it .
here &apos;s this logic in this , yes , in this case , in this particular talk .
you see it immediately .
the first two sentences that are correct .
because i can claim everything .
the logic doesn &apos;t make a ride about reality .
i can say , the most of the time is a man .
and if i &apos;m right , the most of the time is a man .
if i don &apos;t right , the most of the time is not a man .
the logic doesn &apos;t make a statement about what &apos;s true .
i can claim everything .
but critical is when i &apos;m right , it &apos;s true .
so if you say , there &apos;s no soul .
second , if he &apos;s right , he didn &apos;t have soul .
these things are correct .
and now our favorite consciousness feels immediately , you can do something .
it depends on a third sentence , which has nothing to do with the first two sentences and that &apos;s what the opposite of the first sentence is proven and discover .
because actually , we have to prove whether there &apos;s the soul or not .
but with this logic that just uses that two sentences are correct , and a third of the world &apos;s way that looks like he could have something to do with it .
so , we do that as if it &apos;s actually impossible to live without a soul .
and we &apos;re very happy about it .
we can continue to continue these things to different examples .
in the present , we have a very modern example of the present , which is still the most important thing .
you have to have another philosophical topic , a more philosophical topic , you think of the philosophy .
that &apos;s what we do to do that , we go back to the world &apos;s century .
there was a scholars who was called the tolstoy , and after that , the most of the systematic separate .
the most common systematic is a systematic , which is from pure nature .
it doesn &apos;t have this soul .
this is a kind of a little bit of a time .
and if you place exactly the exact exact middle between two , it &apos;s going to be .
because he doesn &apos;t know what to do , he &apos;s supposed to go to the haystack .
so he &apos;s right in the middle .
so the most of the time is introduced .
and the forces with the other are solving each other .
there &apos;s nothing happened at all .
just if you get another example , so if you &apos;re immediately doing a haystack bigger , it doesn &apos;t need reason and nothing .
automatically , he &apos;s going to go to the right thought .
so if you have this idea that you &apos;re kind of driven in nature , it &apos;s going to be driven by the larger pile that you have immediately to put .
and if we &apos;re here in the most of the time , i remember the most brain shift for brain science .
there &apos;s a scholars who means wolf , and you sometimes say , &quot; you know , you know , there &apos;s no free . &quot;
now we can form the second sentence and can say , if wolf has quite a sudden , he doesn &apos;t have free .
these sentences are absolutely logical and correct .
and what we can do is read almost every day in the newspaper , that you find in this third sentence .
this is about who has no free , not for its actions , and it &apos;s moved to responsibility and he &apos;s going to be moved .
there they have it again .
you actually have to prove whether there &apos;s something like free .
but the logic of deception allows us to do that as if the first sentence of the first is wrong , as you have to take the opposite without evidence .
and now you can just do anything if you want to do anything , if you want to test anything and you want to do anything , if you want to make people happy , you practice this courage .
practice that for example , if you meet a human being , you can say , there &apos;s no more a time .
and please don &apos;t use the german word for the most of the time , which is called prophets .
they can &apos;t call them a little bit of political , and then they can &apos;t be a little politically .
say , there &apos;s no more a time .
immediately , they &apos;re going to be one , for granted , there are no such thing that you can &apos;t prove .
and they have a problem .
because as they &apos;re busy , they &apos;re not able to prove that there &apos;s no evidence that there &apos;s no more a lot of a sudden , the man is very happy .
he &apos;s very happy about it because he has fooled them .
because he led them to a red , which he doesn &apos;t move to themselves .
because actually , this person is not interested in evidence .
he &apos;s just interested in the need to be able to prove themselves before the need , to prove that there are a lot of time .
so , in the way , the evidence of the evidence is the bar of the lie .
and if you have a way to feel like this , this is to feel like this , to feel like you &apos;re going to do that , because you &apos;re not going to remember your own .
thank you for your attention .
yes , good afternoon .
i asked myself to ask myself if i can mention them .
it &apos;s one of the most of the most powerful here of this great event and asked me if i wanted to hold a talk here and my idea .
i have to say , you have it , you know , you have a lot of time to talk about my idea .
and i might be able to introduce my favorite to imagine that i &apos;m trying to imagine .
but it &apos;s the sum of the sum , of course , very much .
i &apos;m probably , you know , the two nice girls still , i &apos;m probably standing in the generation , which has been taken for this bad image , because i started studying engineering growth , technical school , today , i think , i think , wake up .
and i then have the middle of the 1980s , and then i wanted to do the berlin energy , because i wanted to make renewable energy and that was not in the way .
there &apos;s the most important thing of the most common .
the ones that were all the most common , the most of the time was called the most common .
the hot today today .
because a good engineer has either built great cars or a little bit of the time .
but that &apos;s what the &quot; n &quot; like &quot; n , &quot; from the kind of a hundred watts of square , that was a toy .
and in berlin , there was a crazy approach .
i &apos;m grateful to the most grateful that he has the word again , because after the most left , you didn &apos;t have to use the word , because everything was bad .
but that was not that much in the world &apos;s years .
there was so , there was a lot of it that was the most important thing , and one of them was sitting in the most of the time , where you thought evil .
the place of the most of the time , but that was called the wind and the solar system , and i started doing the middle of the 1980s .
and yes , a lot of what was said today , i touch very , very much , because many , many beautiful expressions of that , i &apos;ve lived .
i worked in the collective age of the collective , which was a lot of time .
we were 20 people .
if one no said , the money was the most powerful , which has a completely more a bit of a sudden . i &apos;ve got a little bit of time to do that , whether i was going to have my great favorite thing .
it &apos;s busy with a danish .
and that was really very , very much , very much , and you &apos;re going to get into this phase , just in the way that i asked myself to be a thousand years , a thousand thousand years of the time .
and i then have it to the most of the way , and then we have a huge deal with friends , and i have become a huge of the company that &apos;s been the largest of the world &apos;s largest largest world .
a little bit of a growing , but we have the problem of a growing company and we then have a growing company , a little group , decided that we &apos;re going to start to do it .
and i brought you a project that i want to imagine now .
and the title of talking was yes , as you get too hundred percent renewable .
and we just started asking with a relatively , relatively a story , where could you use a memory today .
on this island , that &apos;s the island of the island on the most of the time .
yeah , these are the data .
there &apos;s four thousand people living there .
they have a renewables today of 15 percent .
and the question is , why don &apos;t you have more ?
that &apos;s just not technological .
if you &apos;re more wind , the system starts to fail .
i always tell politicians , if they &apos;re in the world &apos;s facility , they &apos;re going to tell our facility .
then , the say that , why ?
we &apos;ve already got 20 percent in germany .
can &apos;t be a problem .
but not , we have seven percent and our net is physically seen the european .
if we had 20 percent , we have the same problems that people have on this island .
the question was just , that was a little bit of the time , and the first contacts was starting to do with the island , but just just try to calculate .
as big as it would have to be a battery , so you have a island to 20 , 30 , 40 , maybe even 70 percent renewable .
and yes , i go back to a slide .
the conventional system looks like this .
by the way , per year , about a hundred year-old electrical performance on the world are covered on the world .
that &apos;s the performance of a hundred nuclear power , because that &apos;s particularly fast everywhere .
the world &apos;s world &apos;s world , which is happening , is going to be paranoid , because you don &apos;t need permission .
that &apos;s fast .
you &apos;re so much going to be .
and then it looks like this .
in the course of the world , three of the most important ones are always waiting for two .
yes , this is what it looks like down there .
we also get very precise data .
and the most important or the solar system or whatever it is is a system of a system or a system , which can only be in small quantities here .
our goal was just to say , okay .
the mid-ocean is going to be a lot of the wind and the wind , the sun , the burden , that they can map the bigger percentage .
and if you want to go over 20 , 30 percent renewables want to go , so energy per year , not the performance in the moment , you have to turn the core off .
that means that the moment you have to worry about that is that renewables can take the entire net .
you can only be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do any kind of thing .
that &apos;s what nobody did on the world .
there &apos;s the little style that you can do in the car , so you can use your car &apos;s car over a little bit of a little bit .
people always ask me what they &apos;re doing because they actually in the world &apos;s ?
that &apos;s what it is .
but if you want to want to be several of these of these things , and you should build a net , it will be extremely complicated .
and our goal was , we wanted to come to invest in 30,000 to ninety percent renewable and then here &apos;s another rest of the rest , the last 10 , 20 percent of renewable with that will be very , very expensive and that &apos;s not going to work that you &apos;re doing that .
that &apos;s going to be a fuel connection that then , which is , hydrogen , methane , power to gas , you know , it will be .
you have to go to a more powerful way and you have to make it more easy to make it happen .
we just wanted to know what is because with a normal , a 15-year-old battery .
how far do you get there ?
and then a whole lot of simulation made .
and have wind and the sun and the burden and the burden of the outcome , a very exciting result that you need a middle of the conventional system that takes a middle of about 50 cents per gallon .
these were the first calculations six years ago .
and then we said , okay , okay .
yes , we have a business model .
we &apos;re cheaper like the most important thing , if the most of the time goes up five percent a year .
and then we started negotiate with the most of the time .
what did everything have to be done ?
have investors negotiate with investors , i &apos;ve looked for new .
we were just five people at the time to build a society .
and again , the representation .
the brown is kind of the conventional system , the green is our system .
that our system also has a more a , it &apos;s that we &apos;re doing 20 percent of the world &apos;s disease , and also not a single bit of the other things .
and the most important thing that the most the most the time on the island has thought that we &apos;re very great .
let &apos;s also support , but we don &apos;t believe that you can solve the technical problem .
and so we decided to build a hall in berlin , which we can do in the mri of the island in the scale of one of three very precisely things .
that means we &apos;ve been looking for looking for the largest battery of the world .
here she is .
that &apos;s what &apos;s coming from asia , in the case of japan .
and the most of the time is , in the &apos; 70s , it &apos;s in the &apos; 70s , and then , in the &apos; 70s , it was developed and then became the japanese .
it &apos;s you can see it &apos;s a very , very large battery .
she has a megawatts of performance and can bring six hours to this performance and that &apos;s the battery that we have kind of have .
and then they set up .
we also have one of these most of the things that we have in the same size , like it &apos;s there , in the hall , actually , the complete dynamic behavior of this web , so the state is the big battery that we &apos;re expanding here .
here we simulate the whole thing over here , the most of the wires that are the cable in order to represent the net in the net .
and here you can see the whole thing again .
we can also starve two of them &apos;s telepresence on the net .
here we see this again again , we see the average , again , the whole one , a single single , single of the individual .
and what we did since the day was the hall , then , until today , was done to develop everything between the individual system , we &apos;ve done software .
so we &apos;re not a single bit of a time , but we define ourselves as a company that is just between the subject and the subject and everything in between .
you have to communicate to the battery , of course , you can communicate in the net , and that &apos;s very complicated .
the beauty is that you can basically take everything that &apos;s going on in the island today , which we &apos;re going to get to be able to get all the time we want to increase our percentage of renewables .
so this whole discussion , like going back , is going back and forth , and the way that we should go back to the island is for example , for example , for the island of the world , we &apos;re going to be the wind and the sun .
and then the other thing is , then , the way to get out of it .
so , a little bit of a time , a little bit of a time .
we can start to integrate on the island , to integrate , to integrate , because the burden can manage .
that means if you &apos;re at 70 percent renewable , you can &apos;t do that without memory .
you can &apos;t get through &apos; n , you can get nets , yes , that should be done in every case , but you can never get completely rid of memory .
and that &apos;s so n , and that &apos;s the message .
so many people come up with a lot of people and look at that , because you can see what problems you get .
if we turn the water off , you don &apos;t have these cracks , which causes a certain inertia in the net .
and our favorite system is basically taken out of louder masses of large power of large power , where the wave is all about europe .
we look up in this net , see 50 hertz , and if it &apos;s going to be nine hertz , we start a few of the things that we &apos;re going to do , then , again , a little bit of a little bit more .
this is the system .
and of course , that &apos;s incredibly likely .
if you &apos;re going to go somewhere , it takes a while .
the most recent reserve has at least 10 seconds to keep the web stable .
and in time , you can react to other people .
if you don &apos;t have that anymore , these cracks , you have to replace that with the most of the time and the most important thing .
and we can see with this big battery two milliseconds of the two milliseconds .
and then you see what enormous most of there is .
and the message is , we need to get rid of this rotating masses , if we &apos;re kind of going to get our goals 20 , 20 , 20 percent , 20 percent and so on , if we want to achieve the ones that we want to do at all , we want to go to that , and we &apos;re going to go to that , if we want to achieve that .
then we have to break our capacity into the net .
and the fact is , just the power station is going to run with the frequency .
yes , that &apos;s a little bit of a time in the moment , and we &apos;re not going to be able to get a moment from the most of the time , because we don &apos;t have anything , or not that &apos;s going on .
and we just try to do that , that you &apos;re just trying to make the capacity , the most of the capacity , to break down the form of memory .
there &apos;s a whole lot of studies that are now a lot of studies .
and then , to this purpose , people are always coming and look at our favorite system on the , sort of our most of our favorite .
and yes , the discussion is always about the question , how far can you get a piece of future .
and many discussions i had in the last six years , were similar to the discussion that i had in the last 30 years .
isn &apos;t it , is a panda , a , we have all the ones , it &apos;s never going to be .
we have 30 heinz telepresence today in germany .
this is a little bit of a time .
and i just go from that , that we &apos;re going to store the same capacity in the next 30 years , in the world .
just , it &apos;s going to come .
there &apos;s a whole lot of the time there &apos;s a lot of the time and arguments .
the beauty is that i &apos;ve experienced the last two years in the last two years , that scientists are going to ask my side .
we have now given over 10 million of the millions of years , also to be able to get a german web now to german web .
that &apos;s going to be in the next april .
so , you know , you know , there &apos;s a change that &apos;s there , and it &apos;s just from this pirate to the idea , to the idea , a hundred percent renewable is yes .
and if you have a hundred percent renewable , it &apos;s like a system system .
so far , in discussions , it &apos;s always trying to do this , these are the most important , which is going to make a own little net , which has nothing to do with our favorite system .
the question is , the question is , if you &apos;re completely independent , you &apos;re going to be able to do some fossil or a half of the fossil or you &apos;re going to be able to get a island .
then they just use what &apos;s there on sun and wind there , where they live .
and that &apos;s a little bit of our vision of a solar supply system and i &apos;m hooked in cradle to be grateful .
and that &apos;s what we do , and we &apos;re going to come up with the talk of the world &apos;s talk that you can be a collective and energy system , here &apos;s a little bit together .
and yes , i just want to encourage you to be in the sense that you can be quiet a little bit crazy and you can have a vision .
and you really have to stay pretty tough , but i think it &apos;s going .
thank you .
when steve cantor , main of los angeles times , was a day through the streets of los angeles , he heard a wonderful music .
she came from a man , a one-eyed , a one-eyed , rough , homeless , homeless , who had played on a violin that had only two strings .
many of you will know the story , because from the most of the time , it was a book that was going to be a book that was going to be a book , with robert , junior than nathaniel corbusier , and the hardest career was finished by his favorite career .
nathaniel left 234 , suffered a breakdown and 30 years later , he lived as homeless on the streets of the row of los angeles .
i recommend to read all of the time , and look at the film , so they don &apos;t just understand the wonderful connectedness between these two men , but also how they were going to make the instrument .
i met mr &apos;s years ago , two years ago , in the walt disney hall .
he had heard a demo of beethoven first and fourth symphony , and came behind the stage to imagine me .
he talked to a very much , and he &apos;s talking about yo-yo &apos;s sound and hillary clinton and hillary clinton and how the dodgers never would create in baseball world .
we came to talk about music , and a few days later , i got an email where nathaniel was interested in me .
i have to mention that nathaniel is a medical treatment , because it was already treated with electric and with the most powerful and it was treated , a trauma that has been tracking it .
as a result , he &apos;s particularly vulnerable for this schizophrenic stages , sometimes that &apos;s so bad , and he &apos;s going to be standing in the streets of the tree row , always this horror and the most important mind of his own mind .
and in exactly this way , nathaniel was like we started with our first class in the walt disney hall . he had this kind of thing that was completely lost in his eyes and did it .
he talked about invisible lifespan and smoke and about how somebody wanted to filter in sleep .
i was afraid , not a fear of the , but i was afraid that i could lose him in one of his states and i could destroy him to the violin when i started talking about scale and the other exciting forms of the world &apos;s .
so i just started playing .
i played the first sentence of beethoven &apos;s first sentence .
and while i played , i fell on , in the eyes , a total change was a total change .
it was like he was under the impact of a invisible drug , a chemical response , whose game was my game .
and the anger of anger turned into understanding , in a calm curiosity and grace .
and as a miracle , he took his violin and started playing some clips of the most clips of the world &apos;s and then asked me to play them .
we started talking about music , started talking about bach , picked up , and the other thing that &apos;s the other thing that &apos;s going on , from the other to the other , from the most of the time to the ground .
and i realized that he didn &apos;t just know a little bit of a sudden about music , but it also connected to her a tight personal relationship .
he talked about her with a passion and a understanding that i just know from my colleagues in the tunisian of los angeles .
by the time he played music and talked about music , it was confused by this kind of thing , confused man , who was still moved through the streets of los angeles , a little bit of a sudden , in swat .
music is medicine . music changes us .
for nathaniel , music means emotional health .
because the music allows him to make his thoughts and delusions with help of his imagination and creativity in real sophisticated .
and so he &apos;s so much of his own .
i understood that exactly this is the nature of art .
this is why we do music : so we &apos;re doing something that &apos;s inside us , deep in the inner inner , our feelings , through our existing lens .
and the reality of this expression is all achieved , and it &apos;s moving , inspired and developing us .
what nathaniel set up , so he brought him back to a community of friends .
the power of music brought him back into a family of musicians that understood it , and it &apos;s a little bit of the time .
and i &apos;m always going to get music back with nathaniel music , whether in the walt disney hall or in the row of the row , because he reminds me why i was a musician .
thank you .
bruno : thank you very much . thank you .
robert gupta .
robert gupta : i want to play something that i &apos;ve stolen the most powerful .
i hope you forgive me .
so i &apos;ve known a lot of fish in my life .
i just loved two .
this first one , that was more like a passionate kind of life .
it was a beautiful fish , the good texture , good texture , a world on the menu .
what a fish .
even better , he was drawn to the lost highest standards of sustainability .
so you could feel that you could feel it .
i had a relationship with this beauty of a relationship .
one day , the boss called the head of the company and asked if i could be a event about sustainability &apos;s farm .
&quot; of course , &quot; i said .
here was a company that tried to solve what this unimaginable problem has become for our stimuli . how do we keep fish on our limbic ?
in the last 50 years , we &apos;ve been able to fish the ocean as we &apos;ve been beaten in forests .
it &apos;s hard to get the destruction .
90 percent of the big fish , which we love , the tunas , the tunas , the most of the time , they &apos;re collapsed .
it &apos;s almost not left .
so , probably or a bad thing , or a bad thing , is going to be a part of our future .
many arguments about it . the environment is generating the environment , most of you , and you &apos;re inefficient , take a tuna . a big disadvantage .
he has a little bit of a 15 to one .
that means 15 pounds of the , that &apos;s necessary to get a pound of a pound .
not very sustainable .
doesn &apos;t taste very well .
so here was finally a company that tried to make it right .
i wanted to supported them .
the day before the event , i called the head of the pr for the company .
let &apos;s call it a don .
&quot; don &apos;t &quot; don &apos;t say , &quot; just to have the facts right , you &apos;re famous for that , so far outside the sea , that your environment doesn &apos;t get . &quot;
&quot; that &apos;s true , &quot; he said . &quot; we &apos;re so far out that waste is distributed from our fish , not concentrated . &quot;
and then he added , &quot; we &apos;re basically a world .
these are the most of the things that we said to one , &quot; he said .
&quot; the best in the industry . &quot;
and to one , great .
&quot; make &quot; make one thing ? what &apos;s your wearing ? &quot;
sustainable proteins , he said .
&quot; great , &quot; i said . put it on .
and at that night , i was in bed and thought , what &apos;s a sustainable protein ?
so i called the next day , shortly before the event , don &apos;t hate .
i said , &quot; don &apos;t you say what &apos;s sustainable proteins ? &quot;
he said he didn &apos;t know that . he &apos;s going to be worried .
well , i &apos;m going to be a few people in the company . nobody could give me a kind of a second answer to the senior biologists .
let &apos;s also call it hate .
&quot; don &apos;t &quot; don &apos;t say , &quot; what are sustainable proteins ? &quot;
well , he mentioned some algae and some of the most powerful , and then he said , &quot; well , he said .
i said , &quot; do you say , &quot;
he said , &quot; yes , feathers , skin , the food , the internal , dry and food . &quot;
i said , &quot; how much percent of our own is chicken ? &quot;
in the assumption of maybe two percent .
&quot; well , these are about 30 percent , &quot; he said .
i said , &quot; don &apos;t you say what &apos;s sustainable to feed chicken on fish ? &quot;
there was a long pause in the line , and he said , &quot; there &apos;s just too much chicken on the world . &quot;
i &apos;m going to be able to do this fish .
no , not because i &apos;m a little bit of a sudden and a lot of the time .
i &apos;m even .
no , i actually have a little bit of the fish , because , i swear to god , the fish after this conversation .
this second fish , that &apos;s another kind of love .
it &apos;s romantic kind of romantic way that you learn , the better you learn to know your fish , you love the fish .
i &apos;ve eaten him first in a restaurant in a restaurant .
a journalist was talking for a long time for a long time .
she has a lot of a time .
he came on the table with a bright , almost more , almost white white color .
the chef had him a lot of time .
wait twice .
amazingly , he was still delicious .
who can taste a fish so well after he was going to be the same ?
i can &apos;t , but this guy can .
let &apos;s call it a fool . actually , he &apos;s called a hostile .
and no , he didn &apos;t rent the fish and he &apos;s not a chef . at least on the way they and i understand .
he &apos;s a biologist at the time of the la la .
this is a kind of a little bit of a time in the front corner .
it &apos;s close to the mouth of the river .
until the 1980s was the farm in the hands of the hands .
they grew up on what was basically wetlands .
they did that by the country .
they built these complicated consequence of channels , and they &apos;re in the river , and they &apos;re going to be out of the river .
well , they couldn &apos;t do that , they didn &apos;t work .
and organic was a disaster .
it brought about 90 percent of the birds to be a lot of birds .
and so 1982 has an spanish company with green that country .
what did you do ?
they have the flow of water in the water .
they literally failed the lever .
instead of using the water , they used the channels to get the water back .
they &apos;re going to be the channels .
they created a 11,000 acres of the -- they were doing a 11,000 acres of -- the most powerful , shrimp , shrimp -- and they have the ideological and his company completely .
the farm is incredible .
i mean , they &apos;ve never seen something like this .
they stare out on the horizon , which is a million miles away , and everything they &apos;re seeing is the channels of channels and these density , lush march .
i was not a long time ago with low-cost .
he &apos;s an incredible guy , three parts charles darwin and part of &quot; a crocodile to kiss . &quot;
okay ? there were and fought us through the wetlands and i &apos;m going to get the wetlands and i &apos;m going to have the mud , and i think , in quiet , a little bit of a sudden .
here he is going to get a rare of a rare .
now he mentioned the most of the time of titian .
and here he looks a pattern of intent that reminds him to the most of the time .
it turns out that carrots spent the largest part of his career in the national park in africa .
i asked him how to be a kind of a little bit of a time .
he said , &quot; fish ? i don &apos;t know about fish .
i &apos;m an expert for relationships . &quot;
and then he goes and falls into more talk of rare birds and algae and strange .
and you don &apos;t understand me wrong , that was really fascinating , you know , the most important community , in the way that somehow is in the way .
it &apos;s great , but i was in love .
and my head was weak about this kind of thing that i had on the piece of delicious fish that i had on the most of the time .
so i &apos;ve interrupted him . i said , &quot; ma , how does it be that your fish tastes so well ? &quot;
he showed the algae .
&quot; i know boy , the algae , the librarians , the relationships , that &apos;s incredible .
but what eat your fish ?
how is the most important thing ? &quot;
now , he goes on to me , that it &apos;s a rich system that &apos;s the fish that are eating the fish .
the environmental biomass , the fisheries , the zoo , that &apos;s what the fish feeds .
the system is so healthy , it &apos;s completely a lot of the time .
there &apos;s no food .
je : the farm that you don &apos;t hear ?
later , i went around this site with a hostile way , and i asked him , &quot; for a place that seems to be so different , &quot; unlike any farm i ever had . &quot;
in the moment , it was like a director of a director .
and we bow around the corner and we offered the most incredible sight , thousands and thousands of pills , literally , a dose of carpet that &apos;s literally enough to do that .
&quot; that &apos;s success , &quot; he said .
&quot; look at your own &quot; look at the pink .
they &apos;re going to be . &quot;
and i was completely confused ?
i said , &quot; ma , don &apos;t you get your fish ? &quot;
&quot; yes , &quot; he said .
&quot; we lose 20 percent of our fish and the birds .
well , last year , on this site , 600,000 birds were more than 250 different kinds of different kinds .
it &apos;s become the biggest and one of the most important private private system in europe .
i said , &quot; ma , is a good job of a little bit of a sudden that you want to have on a computer system ? &quot;
he grabbed his head , no .
he said , &quot; we &apos;re building a lot of the time , not intense .
this is a environmental network .
the most common food eats the shrimp .
the shrimp eat the fisheries .
so the humanitarian is the belly the whole system . &quot;
okay , let &apos;s rethink that . a farm that doesn &apos;t feeds your animals and measure a farm that measures your success on health .
a little bit of a sudden , but also a more of a sudden .
oh , and by the way , these are not even the most famous of the beginning of the beginning .
they breed in a city 240 miles away where the most powerful is better for the most of the time .
every morning , they fly 240 miles to farm .
and every night they fly 240 miles back .
they do that because they can follow the white white line of the highway .
seriously .
i had introduced a kind of journey of penguins , so i looked at a hostile .
i said , &quot; ma , fly 240 miles to the farm and then you fly 240 miles back to the night ?
do you do that for the kids ? &quot;
he looked at me when i was quoted a song of whitney houston .
he said , &quot; no . you do that because it &apos;s better . &quot;
i didn &apos;t mention the skin of my beloved fish , delicious , and i don &apos;t like a little bit of a sudden . i don &apos;t like it . i don &apos;t like it .
it &apos;s this kind of thing that &apos;s going on , the taste of taste .
i &apos;m almost cooking .
and yet , when i tried to try in this restaurant in the restaurant , she didn &apos;t pour up at all .
she liked sweet and in , as if you take a bite from the ocean .
i mentioned that to be a hostile and he &apos;s going to be .
he said , &quot; the skin works like a sponge .
it &apos;s the last defense , before something happens in the body .
she &apos;s developed over the evolution to transmit the most of the time . &quot;
and then he added , &quot; but our water has no more a time . &quot;
okay . a farm that doesn &apos;t feeds your fish . a farm that measures your success is success .
and then i realized , if he says , a farm that has no single one , he &apos;s got enormous , because the water , which is flowing through this farm .
it &apos;s a river that leads all the things to do with rivers today , they &apos;re with them to lead chemical pollutants , flow of the water .
and if it fought through the system , and this is the water , the water is clean than it &apos;s a lot of the time .
the system is so healthy , it &apos;s gross the water .
so not only a farm that doesn &apos;t wear their animals , not just a farm that measures their success on health , but a farm that literally is a more likely , and not only for these fish , but not just for these fish , but not just for these fish , but it &apos;s not just for the fish .
because if the water is going to be the water , it &apos;s in the atlantic .
a drop in the ocean , i know , but i &apos;ll take it , and that &apos;s what you should do , because this love , how romantic is always silent .
you could say that you &apos;re a recipe for the future of good food , whether we talk about the future or a half of the things .
what we need now is a radical new concept of agriculture , from one , in fact , taste good .
but for many people , it &apos;s a little too radical .
we &apos;re not a single bit of a time , we &apos;re a lover . we &apos;re lover .
we love farmers . we love little more , we &apos;re talking about regional food . we eat organic .
and if you claim that the things are , the future is a good thing , anybody else says , &quot; hey , people , i love the world &apos;s disease , but how are they going to feed the world ?
how are you going to feed the world ? &quot;
can i be honest ?
i don &apos;t like this question .
no , not because we &apos;ve been producing enough calories to feed the world more than just feed .
a billion people are going to be hungry today .
a billion -- that &apos;s more than ever before -- because of the goldilocks wig in the distribution , not the gas rate .
well , i don &apos;t like this question because they have the logic of our most 50 years of the last 50 years .
feed grain of herbivores , the chemicals on the earth , chemicals on earth , chicken , and the whole time , the agribusiness would just ask : &quot; if we feed more people cheaper , how awful can that be ? &quot;
that was the cause . it was the brakes . it was the business plan of american agriculture .
we should call them what they &apos;re , a modest in a very common , a modest , which is that they can do that fast .
that &apos;s not a fancy , and it &apos;s not agriculture .
our favorite system is threatened today , not because of the most of the time , but because of the resources , it &apos;s because of the resources .
not by the latest and the latest , but through fertile land , not through pumps , but through fresh water , not by microorganisms , but not through the world .
they want to feed the world ?
let &apos;s start with the question : how are we going to feed ourselves ?
or better , how can we create conditions that are represented every community to feed themselves ?
to do that , don &apos;t look at the future for the future .
it &apos;s really old , and it &apos;s done .
capital , chemistry and machines are in the same way , and it never produces something really good to eat .
let &apos;s look at the ecological model .
that &apos;s that that &apos;s going to be on two billion years of expertise .
look at the characteristic of the , farmers like a hostile .
businesses that are not worlds for themselves , businesses , they &apos;re going to be able to be able to grow , business systems , the most important , farmers who are not just just just the only one , but experts for relationships , but experts for relationships , but experts for relationships , they &apos;re not just .
because they &apos;re the ones who are also experts for taste .
and if i &apos;m really honest , they &apos;re a better chef than i &apos;m ever going to be .
you know , that &apos;s me right , because if that &apos;s the future of good food , it &apos;s delicious .
thank you .
if i want to cut you a thing today , it &apos;s that the total data we consume is bigger than the sum of their parts and instead of thinking about it .
so what we see here is a typical of the age of age .
the program i use here is a little experiment .
it &apos;s called the &quot; and what i can do with the most of the death is that i can filter to a certain cause of death . &quot;
and immediately , i see another pattern that makes it .
and that &apos;s because in the most active here , people are active and they &apos;re over here on the most active .
we can go out and go out and see the data then , and see that the data is the usual suspects , but not for every one .
now , if we go on and go to age , we say 40 years or younger , we see that accidents are even the cause of the cause of people .
and who &apos;s seeing that is that this is true in men .
so you see that this is a very common thing of information and data in this way that it reminds you in a living system .
and if we can do this for raw data , why not even for content themselves ?
now what we &apos;ve got here is the most of the &quot; sport &quot; every single &quot; sport &quot; who ever printed .
it &apos;s all here . it &apos;s all online .
you can test it to my talk in your rooms .
with the most of the time , you can get it into a decade .
you can get into a particular year .
you can jump directly to a certain copy .
now , if i look at here , i see the athletes that appear in this copy and the sport .
i &apos;m a screenshot armstrong fan , so i click here , i &apos;m going to leave you all the research in the end of armstrong .
now , if i want to get a little bit of a sudden , i could think , &quot; ok , what if i look at everything with the subject ? &quot;
so i go back to a step and the view of the view .
now i see greg &apos;s .
and so you get an idea of that if you &apos;ve introduced this kind of information , more specifically , so , you &apos;re not going to zoom , you &apos;re not just looking for it or just not just .
you do something that &apos;s actually a little different .
it &apos;s something between and we think it changes the way information can be used .
i want to do this idea a little bit further , with about what &apos;s a little crazy .
what we &apos;ve done here is we &apos;ve taken every single one of the most of them and reduce them on a small summary .
the summary contains a short search of a little bit and a symbol for the area that comes from it .
i just &apos;ll show the top 500 of the world &apos;s top .
but even in this limited view , we can do a lot of things .
immediately , we get a sense of the issues that are on wikipedia .
i &apos;m going to choose the theme of government .
now , after i chose government , i know that the most of the time that the most of the time is a lot of time .
this is really important because this is an insight that &apos;s not in a single single single single .
that &apos;s just to recognize if you look back and look at the whole thing .
and then i can go to a certain of these summaries , and then i can go into the subject time , &quot; people of the year &quot; in the year , and all together .
now , if i look at all these people , i know that the majority of it are the majority of the world . some of them come from science . some , less , come from the economy .
and interestingly , bono is also a ted prize .
so we can jump and look at all ted prize winners .
you see , we surfing the first time as if it &apos;s really a net , not just side of the side , but much more abstract .
and so i want to show you what else might be a little surprise .
i just show you just the new york times website .
and the application of this application -- i don &apos;t want to call it a browser ; it &apos;s really not a browser , but you can look at these things like this .
so i can go back to a step , and right to a specific unit .
so that &apos;s important because you just look at the websites of websites in this kind of way , which can look at all the same way of looking at the same way .
so i can zoom in my course in a particular period of a year .
here &apos;s the one that i &apos;ve been holding up here .
and i can also do everything i &apos;ve seen today , again , again .
and , if i look at a step of a step , and i can see my course , maybe i can organize my course after my favorite . here , i went to the zabbaleen , or here &apos;s live labs .
and from here , i can go to the side and leave them again .
it &apos;s a metaphor that &apos;s used again , and every time it makes the picture bigger than the sum of the world &apos;s sum .
right now , in this world , we think that data is a vegetarian .
we &apos;re talking about the jury of the most of the time .
we &apos;re talking about &quot; drowning in information . &quot;
what if we could turn this situation and put the internet on the head , so that we &apos;re always going to start to go from a different thing to do , and so that patterns are going to be hidden ?
if we can do this , then this is going to be a new source of information , maybe a new source of information .
and , instead of moving just in information , we can get knowledge of it .
and if we know , then we can even pull wisdom from it .
so i hear , thank you very much .
i grew up with a very portion of science fiction fiction .
in my school , i went to school with the bus , every day a hour per capita .
and my nose always put in a book , a computer , a computer , which my thoughts is lonely in other worlds and my deep way in which my deep , spontaneous curiosity .
this curiosity also showed that i was always when i was not in school , through the forests , went through the forests , went and collected &quot; samples , frogs and snakes and beetles , &quot; everything after home .
i was totally a very crowded thing , you know .
it was always about trying to understand the world and explore the limits of the possible .
and my love to science fiction seemed to be in my environment , because then , in the late &apos; 60s , we flew to the moon and explored the deep sea .
jacques li came in our living room with his fascinating shows , which showed us animals and places and a world full of wonders that we could never have imagined before .
then that &apos;s what it &apos;s really good to do with this kind of thing that &apos;s going on .
and i was artists .
i could draw . i could paint .
and there &apos;s no video games still , and there &apos;s no video games with the imagery of the world &apos;s entire imagery , i had to create the images in my head .
we had to all of this , and if we read a book , we took the description of the author and the brightest in our heads .
my reaction to this was drawing and paint from aliens , aliens worlds , robots , and all of what .
in math math , i was constantly caught by the teacher , as i hidden , hidden .
creativity had to be kind of out .
and that &apos;s what happened interesting . what was fascinated me is that what was fascinated to me was the idea of jacques shows here , the thought of a completely unknown world here on earth .
certainly i would never get an alien world with a spaceship . that seemed pretty unlikely to me .
but here was a world that i could actually go to , here on earth , and she was as fascinating and exotic as all that i had always imagined when i read these books .
so i decided to be 15 , thrown up .
the only problem was that i lived in a small village in canada , one mile from the next ocean .
but i didn &apos;t have to frustrated .
i &apos;m going to be my father , until he finally , finally , a little bit of a sudden in buffalo , new york , made on the other side of the border where we lived .
i made my favorite in a pool of the middle of the winter in the middle of the winter in buffalo , new york .
but the ocean , but a real ocean , i got only two years later to face , when we moved to california .
since , in the 40 years , the most of the time , i spent about three hours of water , and 500 hours of it in buenos .
and i learned that the world of the deep sea , even in the most of the oceans , is so rich on the ground , as rich as we can &apos;t imagine .
the imagination of nature doesn &apos;t know borders , unlike our own , more , more , human imagination .
until today , i feel the deepest awe for what i see on my intern .
and my love to the ocean is holding on the same intensity as i was born and ever .
when i was a adult , i was a job of a job , it was the kind of the the thing .
that seemed the best way to tell my inner , to tell stories , to create my need , to create pictures .
as a child , i drew comic comic and so .
so films were the way to bring pictures and stories . that fits together .
of course , the stories i &apos;m going to do is , from the most of the time , &quot; terminator , &quot; &quot; aliens , &quot; and &quot; the world &apos;s &quot; .
&quot; the rest of &quot; could i mean my preference for the underwater and that &apos;s what we &apos;re going to connect with the the spacecraft .
so , sort of , my two passions .
something interesting happened in &quot; the &quot; reach &quot; : to solve a problem in this movie -- and we had to create a kind of liquid , and we had to create a kind of liquid , and we &apos;re going to be on a world-changing animation , and we &apos;re going to go back .
what came out of that was the first forager of the first forager that was ever in a movie .
the film didn &apos;t bring money to the movie , he was playing his cost , but i noticed something fascinating : the audience was like accelerated the magic .
according to arthur clarke &apos;s law , the law is not to distinguish the technology and magic , magic .
so they saw something magical .
and i found that incredibly exciting .
and i thought , &quot; wow , that must be involved in the most important way . &quot;
so we went to terminator 2 , my next film , a lot further .
together , we created the guy from liquid metal , and success was very much about how this effect would come .
and it worked . again , we created something magical , and the effect was the same thing . but we have a little bit more money with the film .
from these two experiences , a very new world is achieved , a very new world of creativity for the most important world .
so i started a company , together with my good friend , and i was at that time of the best , and she was the best of the best thing that was the best of the best and the most important thing .
the idea of this company was , the phase of analog processes with visual printers , etc .
we did and then we did a advantage of a while .
but in the middle of the &apos; 90s , we realized that we were in the most common and the most important -- what we &apos;ve actually started to do is to slow up .
i wrote this piece of &quot; avatar &quot; that should push the bar in things visual effects and the effects in the new heights , with functional human , expressive characters that were made by the world .
but the bar was going back very much . and people in my company said that we &apos;re not able to be able to do that .
so i shifted that and made this other film about the big ship , the fall .
i &apos;ve been selling that as &quot; tembererana and julia on a ship &quot; . it was a constructive epic check , a passionate film .
but i actually wanted to put the real train in the titanic .
so i did the film .
that &apos;s the truth . the studio didn &apos;t know .
but i &apos;ve convinced them by saying , &quot; we &apos;re going to go to the train . we &apos;re asking the real train .
we &apos;re going to show it in the movie of the film .
that &apos;s incredibly important . it &apos;s a good job of marketing . &quot;
and i persuaded them to fund an expedition .
sounds crazy . but that &apos;s going back to that , that the own imagination can create a reality .
we actually created six months later , in fact , a reality where i &apos;m in a russian forest , four miles under the surface of the north atlantic , and i looked at the real titanic through a computer .
that wasn &apos;t a film , no a single movie , that was real .
so , that really has me out .
and the level of level was enormous . we had to build cameras and lights and everything .
and i fell on how much these of these things , a little bit of a similar unit .
well , they were also the most powerful planning and they &apos;re more sophisticated planning .
you put it up in these capsule , you put it down into this dark , virtual environment , where no hope is on saving .
and i thought , &quot; wow , that &apos;s just as if i was in a computer .
that &apos;s really cool . &quot;
i was actually obsessed with the deep study of the deep sea .
anyway , from the part , the part of curiosity and science has been doing it . it was adventure . it was adventure . it was curiosity .
and it was a experience that couldn &apos;t give me hollywood .
because , you know , i could imagine a creature for that we could design a visual effect , but i couldn &apos;t imagine what i would see outside the window .
and i &apos;ve seen a few of the next expeditions in the next expeditions , and sometimes things that i never saw before , sometimes things that had seen no one before and for the science .
so that &apos;s what i really did , and i wanted to do more .
and so i met a little bit unusual .
after success , i said , &quot; okay , i want to put my favorite job as a filmmaker in hollywood and will be a while for a while . &quot;
and then we started , we came to the &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot;
we went back to the train of the titanic .
we took little robots that we built , which is a computer system .
our intention was , the inner and the inner of the ship , which was never done before .
nobody had ever explored the inner of the most vulnerable , and you had no idea for it . so we developed the technology .
and i &apos;m sitting there , and i &apos;m sitting on the deck of the titanic , in a computer , and see , i see , that &apos;s pretty similar to this , and i know that once the band has played there .
and i &apos;m flying with a little bit of a little bit of the ship through the ship .
i actually serve it , but my consciousness is within the vehicle .
it felt like i was physically within the titanic of the titanic .
that was the most the form of a computer that i &apos;ve ever experienced . because before i was a corner of a corner , i always knew what &apos;s going on in the field of the vehicle .
because the set was a precise copy of the doodle of the ship .
so that was a very strange experience .
she was aware of this kind of thing that you &apos;re using , that you use this kind of thing that you use , and so your mind is going to be able to be able to be able to be a lot of the existence in the existence .
it was really incredibly profound .
and maybe a little bit of a little bit of what might happen in some decades , if you have a little bit of time to explore or do things in all kinds of things that i can imagine as a kind of a way .
after these expeditions , we started what we saw down there , really appreciate to learn , for example , to the example of this , where we saw these incredibly amazing animals .
they live with the help of the distant .
they don &apos;t exist in a sunlight of sunlight , like we do that .
and so you see animals that are right next to a 500 degrees centigrade that they can survive there .
and i was also interested in the same time , and i also was very interested in the same time , which was the most of my childhood .
and so i ended up with people who are interested in space and they &apos;re sitting in the most common and they &apos;re sitting in the most common and plan to go through russia , through the mission .
that was fascinating .
but at the end , it was going to be that i took a little bit of the time to the deep sea .
i took them to the world and they &apos;re going to look at the world down there , and i was going to get it down to the world , and i took them to the sources of that extreme situations . i took them to the sources of cards and they could test instruments and so on .
we were worried about punch scripts , but actually , science , i said , &quot; is , &quot; the way we were .
so the circle between my existence as a child , and the way the child , and the way that the reality is .
in the course of this discovery , i learned a lot of learned .
i learned a lot about science , but i &apos;m sure you can &apos;t have a director , a leader , you can be a leader like a , or something like a little bit .
i don &apos;t understand much of leadership before i &apos;m going to be these expeditions .
because in a particular point , i had to say , &quot; what do i do here ?
why do i do that ? what &apos;s going on ? &quot;
these are the awful movies that we don &apos;t bring .
we &apos;re looking at the cost of the cost of the cost of fame .
all of you think i &apos;m between &quot; titanic &quot; and &quot; avatar &quot; and i would have the nails on a towel on the beach .
i &apos;ve all got these films , these statements , for a very small audience .
no fame , no honor , no money . what do you do ?
you &apos;re doing it about the task to the challenge -- and the ocean is the most important environment that you have . you &apos;re doing it for the strange connection , and you &apos;re going to get a team of people .
because we &apos;ve done all this with only 10 to 12 people who worked for years , sometimes we were two to three months in the sea .
and in this community , you see that the most important thing is the most important thing you have , because you overcome a task that you can &apos;t explain .
if you go back to land and say , &quot; we had to do it , the timeline , the most of the technology , and the difficulty , the human performance , &quot; you can &apos;t explain that .
there &apos;s a connection that &apos;s going to be a piece of respect .
so when i returned to turn to my next film , i tried to use the same leadership , which is that you &apos;re being respected and made it in return .
so , the dynamics was really changed .
so i stood back with a little team on unknown terrain , and we were formed &quot; avatar &quot; with a new technology that hasn &apos;t been before .
incredibly exciting .
a tremendous challenge .
and we were in a period of four years of a year of four years .
so , my way to make films completely .
there were people who said we had these these things really well , and they &apos;ve been transported on the planet .
for me , it was more a kind of a kind of a way to do my job , the real process that changed in the outcome .
so what can we close from all of the ?
what lessons have we learned ?
i think i think the curiosity is .
it &apos;s the most powerful human property .
our imagination is a force that can even create a reality .
and the characteristic of your team is more important than all the most important of the world .
to me , young filmmakers say , &quot; give me a advice , how i can do something like this . &quot;
and i say , &quot; don &apos;t get yourself yourself .
and that &apos;s what other people get for you . don &apos;t do it yourself , don &apos;t bet yourself . but take risks on you . &quot;
nasa has a little bit of a sudden : &quot; fail is not an alternative . &quot;
but in art and explore , failure has to be an alternative , because it &apos;s going to be a little bit of a time .
no important endeavor , innovation , the innovation was ever harvested .
you have to be ready to take these risks on .
that &apos;s the idea i &apos;d like to give you to the way to do with the way . failure is an alternative , fear , but thank you .
today i &apos;m talking to you about energy and climate .
and that may be surprising to something because my favorite thing is mostly about vaccines and seeds to make things that we invent and deliver to make the poorest two billion a better life .
but energy and climate are extremely important for these people , just more importantly than any other on the planet .
and the fact is that their ambassadors are not going to grow over many years . we &apos;re too much rain .
that leads to the too much . it leads to uncertainty . it leads to riots .
so , a climate change is going to be terrible for them .
and also , the most important thing is , the most important thing for you .
the fact is that if you could only reduce the price of one thing , it would be energy at far most effective .
well , the most of the time is about time .
in fact , the most important thing is based on the most of the time .
the most the way the industrial revolution is the industrial revolution and even in the 20th century , there was a rise of the world &apos;s disease and therefore we have refrigerators , air cells , we can make modern materials and do so many things .
so we &apos;re in a wonderful situation with electricity in the rich world .
but , if we reduce the price -- let &apos;s get the price of 50 -- let &apos;s meet a new barrier and this barrier depends with co2 .
co2 is the planet and the equation for co2 is actually pretty clear .
they &apos;re adding the most important co2 , which leads to the most powerful and a few very negative consequences . effects on the weather and maybe worse , the indirectly consequence that the natural ecosystems can &apos;t adapt such as internal changes and so much systems .
well , the exact relationship between a computer and the net is the net and where their other consequences are , there are some people , but not very many .
and there &apos;s certainly ambiguity about how bad these consequences are going to be . but they &apos;re going to be extremely bad !
i asked the most of the time , &quot; do we really have to go down to zero ?
isn &apos;t half the half or a quarter ? &quot;
the answer is , until we come close zero , the temperature will continue to go .
so it &apos;s a big challenge .
it &apos;s very different to say , we have a 3.5 truck high truck , which has to go under a three feet .
this is a very early thing to go down , on zero .
well , we &apos;re going to get a lot of a lot of a time from 26 billion tons .
everybody &apos;s about 20 tons . people from poor countries , less than one .
in average , it &apos;s about five tons of for every time .
and somehow we have to create changes that reduce that on zero .
it &apos;s gone up .
only different economic changes have influenced it at all and we have to go from the increase to reducing the increase and a reduction to zero .
this equation has four factors . a little bit of a bit of a bit of a sudden . they have this thing on the left -- co2 -- that &apos;s going to be zero , and that &apos;s going to depend on the number of people who are using the average energy for every service and the co2 .
so let &apos;s look at every factor of all of us , and we think about how we get that on zero .
probably one of these numbers have to come very close to zero .
now , this is fundamental algebra , but let &apos;s go through it .
first , we have the population .
today , in the americas , billions of people live .
and it &apos;s going to be a billion billion to move the one on nine billion .
if we &apos;re very successful with new vaccines , the most of the time we could be able to reduce the 10 percent of the way , we &apos;re going to reduce that to be 10 percent , but we see a slope to see 1.3 .
the second factor is the services that we use .
that includes all the food that we eat , clothing , television , heat .
these are very good things and the most important things that means to make these services almost available every one on the planet .
it &apos;s great that this number goes up .
in the rich world , in the upper billion , we could probably make a bonus and use less use , but in average , this number will go every year and so much more than double the number of services .
here we see a very fundamental service here , and there &apos;s light to get light , so you can read the homework ?
and these students don &apos;t have it , so they go out and read their own under the most of the time .
now , efficiency , the e , the energy per service , there &apos;s finally good news .
we have something that doesn &apos;t go up .
because of different successes in the world &apos;s health , through other people &apos;s , through new methods in the world &apos;s health , there are many services that make some of the energy .
in other service , like making the manufacturing of the world &apos;s , 105 murdoch : &apos; 90s -- the city &amp; amp ; &amp; amp ; &amp; amp ; &amp; amp ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp; lt ; &amp;
in total , if we &apos;re optimistic , we might get a push to a factor three or maybe a factor of six or maybe a factor of six .
but at the first three factors , we &apos;ve gone from 26 billion to maybe 13 billion tons of tons , and that &apos;s not enough .
so let &apos;s see the fourth factor -- and this is going to be a key -- that &apos;s the amount of co2 that &apos;s going to be a unit of energy .
it turns out that the question is , if you can get that on zero .
if you burn coal : no .
if you burn natural gas : no .
almost every single amount of electricity for electricity today , except renewables and the most of the energy .
so , what we need to do on a global level is to create a new system .
we need a lot of time .
now , if i use the miracle &quot; wonders &quot; i don &apos;t mean the impossible .
the microprocessor is a miracle . the computer is a miracle .
the internet and the services is a miracle .
people here have contributed to the development of many of these wonders .
usually there &apos;s no deadline that you need a miracle to a certain date .
usually you &apos;re just going to be wrong and some come , not .
but in this case , we have to give up and get a miracle in very short time .
now , i asked myself , how can i really get that ?
is there a natural old-fashioned , a demonstration that &apos;s going to be put on the idea of people here ?
i remembered myself last year when i brought mosquitos and somehow liked people .
the idea was really tangible for you , you know that there are people who live with mosquitos .
for energy , this is a one .
i decided that the turning out of fireflies my favorite contribution to the environment would be here .
so here &apos;s a few natural fireflies .
you told me that they don &apos;t bite . actually , they &apos;re not going to be leaving the glass .
well , there &apos;s all kinds of things like this , but they don &apos;t bring all sorts of things .
we need solutions , either one or several people have a unimaginable scaling and unimaginable government , and even though there are many directions that people can do after that , i really see five , which can afford these big demands .
i left neutrons , the way i left , fusion and biofuels .
maybe these may be a fake contribution and if they &apos;re going to afford better than i expect , but my punch line is that we have to work on all of those five , and we can &apos;t give them a lot of them because they &apos;re upset , because all of us have significant problems .
let &apos;s first burn fossil fuels , burning from either coal or natural gas .
what you have to do there seems to be just , but that &apos;s not . you have to have all the co2 that comes from the burning , you &apos;re going to capture , you know , there &apos;s a lot of things .
there are some of the things that that &apos;s going on on a 60 percent -- 80 percent of the level , but getting a very difficult way to get it to the track of co2 , is a big challenge .
who will make sure ?
who can guarantee something , which literally many billion times bigger than any kind of waste you can imagine from the other of the waste and other things ?
this is a lot of volume .
so this is a tough problem .
next : the next thing .
it also has three big problems . the cost of all in the world are high countries . the question is that you really feel that nothing can go wrong , despite the human cooperation .
and what do you do with the garbage ?
because although he &apos;s not very big , there &apos;s a lot of concerns .
so three very difficult problems that might be soluble , and that &apos;s why you should work .
the last three of the five i have put in .
it &apos;s the renewables of how they &apos;re often called .
and also , the ones have -- although it &apos;s great that they don &apos;t need fuel -- they have some drawbacks .
one is the energy density that produce these technologies dramatically than the power of power .
these are the most important , you talk about many of the most difficult , a thousand more area than a normal power station .
and also , these sources are generating .
the sun doesn &apos;t seem all day , it doesn &apos;t seem to be every day and also release the wind .
so you have to depend on these sources , you have a way to depend on the energy , you know , the energy is also going to be available .
so there &apos;s big amounts of time here . there &apos;s challenges at transmission . if we say that the energy source is outside the country , they don &apos;t have to deal with the risk of where the energy comes from where they are different .
and there &apos;s the most powerful thing .
and to show the dimension , i all have the whole kinds of batteries that are made , looking at cars , computers , mobile phones , for everything .
so we need a big breakthrough here , something that will be a factor of 100 times better than the approaches to time .
that &apos;s not impossible , but it &apos;s not so easy .
that &apos;s what happens when you try to say these are these things about 20 percent -- 30 percent of the rest of the rest .
if you want to support 100 percent of it , you need an incredible amount of energy .
now where should we go : what is the right approach ?
a &quot; manhattan project &quot; ? how do we get to the goal ?
what we need is many companies working on it . hundreds of things .
in every one of these five areas we need at least 100 people .
thank you for saying , these are crazy ! that &apos;s good .
i think there &apos;s a lot of time in ted , there &apos;s a lot of people who are already involved there .
bill big has several companies , under other people , a so-called the great amount of water .
and the most interesting thing is , in dozens of companies , they invest the great things , and i have interesting opportunities to support and i try to support that .
nathan myhrvold and i fund a company that , maybe surprisingly , the nuclear approach .
there are some innovations in the most of the time ; they &apos;re going to be liquid .
the development has stopped in this industry a few time ago , so it &apos;s not a big surprise that some good concepts are combining .
the most important thing means that instead of a part of the most of the time , you know , instead of a part of the most of the time , that &apos;s a percent that &apos;s a percent of the time , we decided to burn the 99 percent , the most of the time .
that &apos;s a pretty crazy idea .
but in fact , you &apos;ve thought about it for a long time , but you could never simulate reasonable whether it would work , but there &apos;s modern supercomputer , you can simulate it and see that .
and because you burn these 99 percent , the most powerful thing is , the most better thing is .
in fact , you burn the waste , and you can even use the waste of these reactors as a result of the agreement .
instead of break the head , they just burn it . a great thing .
the uranium is used by the genetic , a little bit like a candle .
you see that it &apos;s a kind of column , often as &quot; traveling wave reactor . &quot;
that really solves the most important thing .
here &apos;s a picture of a place in kentucky .
this is the waste , the 99 percent . you have the part that &apos;s burned today , so it &apos;s called the uranium .
the court the u.s. for hundreds of years .
and if you &apos;re going to be a cheap cheap and just a lot of the time , you get enough fuel for the rest of the planet .
you know , there &apos;s a lot of challenges , but it &apos;s an example of many hundreds of concepts that we need to get forward .
let &apos;s think about how we should measure our success .
how should our testimony look like ?
now , let &apos;s go to the goal that we need to do and then talk about the most of the time .
many of the talk about 80 percent reduction to 2050 .
it &apos;s really important that we get there .
the rest of 20 percent will be produced in poor countries , and still something agriculture is going to be . hopefully , and cement are clean to clean .
so , to reach this 80 percent , the developed world , including countries like china , their own are completely changing .
the other note says , if we use the most of the technology , whether they &apos;re used in all developed countries , and we &apos;re on the way to get them to the rest .
that &apos;s great .
that &apos;s going to be a key key of this .
if we go back from there , how should the 2020 look like this ?
it should contain the two elements .
we should use the most of the way to get reducing reducing reducing the way we &apos;re going to get the less we &apos;re going to be the lower , the lower will be the most important and also the temperature .
but actually , this note is for things that we &apos;re doing , which is not completely the big ones that lead to the big ones , just less , or even less important than the other ones that are the speed of innovation .
this breakthroughs we have to track with the most of the time is to measure and measure that , in the way , in the world &apos;s , in the world &apos;s and the most important .
there are many great books to this topic .
al gore book &quot; we have the choice &quot; and david &apos;s energy , &quot; and david &apos;s energy &quot; &apos;s energy . &quot;
they really go through it and create a frame where this can be discussed wide , because we need to support for all sides .
there &apos;s a lot of things coming together .
this is a wish .
a very specific wish that we invent this technology .
if you just take me a wish for the next 50 years , i could choose the president , a vaccine , and i could choose , or i could choose this wish , which is , i think , is a wish of taking a look .
this has the largest impact .
if we don &apos;t get this wish , the dig between the long time , and the short people are going to be terrible between the united states and china , between poor and rich and almost all life of this two billion .
so what do we need to do ?
what do i do ?
we need to use more research models .
if countries like the places like the way , they should not just talk about co2 .
they should discuss these kinds of things and they would be shocked by the ridiculous low funds that are spent for these innovative approaches .
we need a little bit of the time , co2 , radio &amp; amp ; trade &amp; amp ; trade &amp; lt ; d &amp; lt ; d &amp; lt ;
we need to spread the message .
we need to measure dialogue and lead and lead and also the things that are going to be done by the government .
it &apos;s a very important wish , but i think we can fulfill it .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you . thank you .
thank you . just to understand something better -- first , can you give us a idea of scale of this investment ?
bill gates : to do the simulation on a supercomputer , all the big scientists to get what we did , we need only 10 million . and even if we tested our materials in a russian reactor .
the hard step is building the first parking parking , and find more billions of times that the world &apos;s first bit of the first one .
once the first thing is , if he &apos;s going to go like this , everything is very clear , because the world &apos;s population , the energy density is so different as we know .
to understand that right , that means building deep in the ground almost like a vertical column of nuclear health , this is what the process starts and then starts to go down ?
and the same thing is , right . today you have to be able to do the reactor , so there are many people and many controls that can go wrong . this thing is not good .
but if you have very cheap fuel , you can climb it for 60 years -- think about a column -- you &apos;re buried in the entire complexities .
and it &apos;s sitting there and burns 60 years and then it &apos;s done .
a little bit of a solution that offers a solution for the garbage .
and the most of the time : yes . now , what happens to the garbage : you can sit there -- there &apos;s a lot less waste with this method -- then you take it and burn it in the next reactor and burn it .
and we start by taking the waste , which is already that it &apos;s already that it &apos;s in these of these things or the agreement . that &apos;s our most of our favorite .
so , what &apos;s a problem for these reactors was that what we &apos;re going to do is reduce what we &apos;re going to fill in our and &apos;s going to reduce the most dramatic during this process .
but while they talked about different people in the world .
where is the biggest interest , so what really does ?
and we &apos;re not determined by a place , and we &apos;re not determined to a place , and there &apos;s a lot of interesting things that are in the name of nuclear school . there were big interest and people who were in russia .
i &apos;m optimistic . you know , the french and japanese have done something in the direction .
this is a distorted one thing that was done .
this is a very important step forward , but it &apos;s like a faster reactor and some countries built this , so everyone is that a quick reactor has grown up for our first .
in your imagination , the time you &apos;re doing something really , really , to call the life ?
and we &apos;re doing this : well , we need one of these most of these things , the most ambitious things that are very cheap , we have 20 years to invent and then 20 years .
that &apos;s sort of the deadline that we &apos;ve got to have the most promising to the most of us .
and , you know , you know , if everything is going on , and that &apos;s a big wish , that &apos;s easy to keep it .
and fortunately , there are dozens of companies today , and we need hundreds of companies , and we need hundreds of people who work , and they can work for their pilots .
and it would be best if it could create several , because then you could use a mixture .
in every case , we need a solution .
does the great kinds of breakthroughs , is this the largest , that you know ?
and a little bit of the most important thing : a more important thing .
that would be without the most important , but the power is so much more important .
in the nuclear sector , there are other innovative companies .
you know , we don &apos;t know their work so well as this , but there are the modular method , that &apos;s another approach .
there &apos;s a liquid of the liquid , which seems to be difficult , but maybe the that that seems to us .
and so there &apos;s different , but the beauty of it is that a million times has a million times as much energy as a , say , a little bit of the radiation and the cost of the cost , and the cost of the country , the footprint and the cost , is the potential , so the impact is going to play .
if that doesn &apos;t work , what ?
do we have to be the most difficult to try to keep the most stable stable ?
and if you come to this situation , it &apos;s like you ate too much , and it &apos;s a heart attack . what do you do ? you need a heart bubble or something .
there &apos;s a research research called the research of the world &apos;s , which is called different techniques to punish warming , so we &apos;ve been going to have 20 or 30 years to be more .
this is just a more a .
you hope that we don &apos;t need that .
some people say , you shouldn &apos;t just work on insurance because you might be lazy , so you &apos;re eating that you &apos;re going to save the lights .
i don &apos;t know if that &apos;s the smart , if you &apos;re going to get the importance of this problem , but there &apos;s now a discourse in the way that you should have the things faster , or you need to take it longer than that .
climate change : have you got a or two sentences for that to convince you ?
and the fact is , unfortunately , unfortunately , the stethoscope in very different camps .
those who make scientific arguments are very little .
do you say that there are negative implications that have to do with the clouds that are moving ?
there are very , very few things that you can say at all , from which there &apos;s a chance in a million .
the biggest thing here is like aids .
you &apos;re doing the mistakes now , and you pay it very much later .
and so the idea is , now , if you all have kinds of problems , you &apos;re going to invest in something that you &apos;re just doing later -- and it &apos;s not necessarily the the fact that the investment is not necessarily the worst scenario and it &apos;s people in the rich world .
the fact is that these uncertainty should be concerned .
but my dream here is that if you can make it economically , and the co2 is going to say , &quot; okay , it &apos;s not a co2 . &quot;
and that would be their answer to the most powerful argument that if you use all these time and energy to solve co2 , all the other goals are suffering , the most different waste of resources that we can do .
and the actual spending : well , the actual spending for research -- let &apos;s tell the u.s. u.s. 10 billion a year than they do today -- that &apos;s not so dramatic .
although other things don &apos;t suffer .
you then get too big money , and you can disagree with reasonable people if you have something that &apos;s not economically , and it &apos;s trying to fund that .
it &apos;s because you &apos;re very short ago , and you &apos;re funded by the learning of the learning , and i think we should try to be more expensive .
if the counter you get , you get a very high , high way , you can only keep the rich .
i mean , every one of us here could spend five times as much for our energy without changing its lifestyle .
but for the bottom two billion , it &apos;s a disaster .
and even more than the way .
his new favorite is now : &quot; why don &apos;t the research be talking anymore ? &quot;
he &apos;s still going to be associated with his former stories , with the most associated with the most associated , but he understood that it &apos;s a very lonely group and therefore it brings the most the most powerful .
and that &apos;s a fancy , which i think is appropriate .
the research , it &apos;s just crazy , how little people will support .
bill , i think i &apos;m talking about almost all people here , if i say , i really hope you &apos;re going to be true . thank you very much .
and thank you .
a few years ago , here at ted , peter , peter , a little bit of a sudden called &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot;
the idea is pretty simple . the idea is to be the biggest of the structure with 20 spaghetti relationships , about a meter of tape , about a meter of a meter .
the marshmallow has to be up there .
and , although it seems really easy , it &apos;s actually really hard because it &apos;s actually going to work very quickly .
and so i thought that this is an interesting idea , and i turned it into a computer system .
it was a huge success .
since then , i did about 70 workshops worldwide , with students , developers and architects , even with the most of the time , and i want to share some of them with them .
usually most people start to put themselves on the task .
they talk about it , they think about how it will look , they &apos;re going to be doing power .
then they invest a little bit in planning and organization . they draw spaghetti .
they &apos;re investing in a lot of their time in the most important structure .
and finally , shortly before they don &apos;t have time , someone takes the marshmallow and they put it colder on the top , they &apos;re going back and &quot; the &quot; more &quot; ! admire your work .
but then , almost always , it &apos;s going to be that the &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; is &quot; the weight of the marshmallow that the whole thing is going to be noticed and the most of the things .
there &apos;s a series of people who have much more &quot; more &quot; conversations than others , and under the worst , fresh water .
they lie , they cheat , they &apos;re confused and produce really a little bit of things .
and of course , there &apos;s teams that have a lot more &quot; more &quot; and the best ones are fresh students of the world &apos;s best life .
and that &apos;s pretty amazing .
as peter told us , they didn &apos;t just have the highest towers , but also the most interesting structures of all .
what you might ask is , how do that come ? why ? what about that ?
and peter : no one invested the kids in the way to be the spaghetti of spaghetti life .
they don &apos;t invest time in the world &apos;s time .
but there &apos;s another reason .
and that &apos;s that the fact that the fact that they were trained to find a right plan , ok !
and then it &apos;s too aware .
what happens when you put the marshmallow on the top , you don &apos;t have time and what happens ?
it &apos;s a crisis .
sounds familiar what ?
what &apos;s going on differently is that they start with the marshmallow and build prototypes , successful prototypes , always with the marshmallow on the top , so they have the opportunity to fix the prototype .
and the way that this kind of collaboration is a core of a collaboration as a core of a computer .
and with each trial , the kids get immediately feedback , and what &apos;s not .
so the performance is to work with prototypes , much -- but let &apos;s see how different teams are acting .
the average for most of the is about the most kind of thing that &apos;s about a lot of them , and half of them are , lawyers , something more , but not much , they &apos;re better than the adults .
who is most successful ?
architects and engineers , fortunately .
the core is the highest thing i &apos;ve seen .
and why ? because they &apos;re going to understand triangles and are the geometric geometric patterns , and they &apos;re the key to build stable structures .
ceos are something about average . but here it is interesting .
you put a very rough observatory on the team , you &apos;ll be significant .
it &apos;s incredible . you see yourself and see &quot; this team will win . &quot;
you can predict that . why does that go ?
because they have special skills of the world &apos;s .
they lead the process , they understand it .
and that team , which is going to be able to mimic and watch the performance of the team , the performance of the team .
tg skills and the combination of success and their combination .
if you have 10 teams , the typical approach , you get about six , the stable structures .
i tried something exciting .
i thought we bring the same same .
so i offered a 10,000 dollars to software for the winner .
what happened to this kind of thing ?
what was the result ?
this is what happened . not a team had a stable structure .
if anyone had built a high construction , he would have carried the price home .
so is it not interesting that high amounts of light have a strong effect ?
we repeated these practice with the same students .
now what happened ?
now they understood the advantage of the prototyping .
so from the same , bad team of a under the best .
it produced the highest construction in the least time .
so there &apos;s a lessons of lessons for us , about nature and success .
you like questions : why would someone actually invest a time to create a little bit of a time ?
the reason is , i help digital tools and processes to help teams , cars , video games and &quot; visual &quot; .
and what the most of the most important thing does is identify them hidden assumptions .
because frankly , every project has his own marshmallow .
the challenge is a common experience , a common language , or a little bit of a sudden , to build the right prototype .
and this is the value of this experience , this kind of exercise .
and those of you who are interested in the can visit .
it &apos;s a blog where you see how to build the marshmallow .
there &apos;s a little bit of a time there .
they find crazy examples of all the world , like people to optimize the system and they &apos;re going to be .
there are also a lot of time .
and the most important lesson , i think , is actually a construction sport .
it requires that we all have our senses to the task and we think we &apos;re going to use our thinking , how our feelings and our do , in the challenge , is that we &apos;re .
and sometimes a little prototype is all of this experience , which needs to bring us from a &quot; a &quot; -- &quot; a &quot; &quot; a &quot; moment .
and that can make a big difference .
thank you .
let &apos;s do this as if we have a machine .
a big machine , a cool , a cool machine , and that &apos;s a machine machine .
and everybody in this room has to be in .
and you can go to the past , you can go into the future ; you can &apos;t stay in here and now .
and i wonder what they would choose because i &apos;ve been asking my friends in last time , and they wanted to go all the time .
i don &apos;t know . they wanted to go back to time before there was cars or twitter or &quot; america &quot; .
i don &apos;t know .
i &apos;m convinced that you &apos;re kind of drawn to the most competitive , drawn to it .
and i understand that .
i &apos;m not part of this group , i have to say .
i don &apos;t want to do that in the past , and that &apos;s not because i &apos;m a memorable .
it &apos;s that opportunities don &apos;t go back to this planet , they go forward .
so i want to go into this machine , and i want to go into the future .
this is the greatest time that there was ever on this planet , no matter what scale you put : health , wealth , mobility , opportunities .
there was never a time before this .
my favorite thing died all of them as they were 60 .
my grandparents are going to be on 70 .
my parents are 80 on the most of the time .
so there should be better a nine year-old at the beginning of my favorite .
but it &apos;s not even about people like us , because this is a bigger thing than that .
a child that &apos;s born today in new delhi , so long to live as long as the richest man on the world .
think about it . that &apos;s an incredible fact .
and why is that ?
smallpox . smallpox has killed billions of people on this planet .
they &apos;ve shaped the demographics of the earth on a way , like no war ever did .
they &apos;re gone . they &apos;re gone .
we whistled them . pop .
in the rich world , diseases exist , millions of us have been threatened by one generation , hardly yet .
and the most powerful thing , the polio , polio ...
anybody else knows what that is ?
vaccines , modern medicine , our ability to feed billions of people , that are successes of scientific method .
and from my view , the scientific method is trying to try , look at whether it works , it &apos;s changing if it doesn &apos;t do that , one of the greatest achievements of humanity .
so that &apos;s the good news .
unfortunately , that &apos;s the whole good news , because there &apos;s a few other problems , and they were often mentioned .
and one of them is that despite all of our achievements , despite a billion people go to bed every day , they &apos;re hungry .
this number goes up , and it goes very quickly , and that &apos;s embarrassing .
and not only that , we have used our imagination to trash this world .
water , the country , rainforests , oil , oil , gas : they disappear , and if we don &apos;t get out of this chaos , we &apos;re also going to disappear .
so the question is : can we do that ? i think .
i think it &apos;s clear that we can produce food that will feed billions of people without the country , on the ground .
i think we can power this world with energy that they don &apos;t even destroyed .
i think that &apos;s really , and no , that &apos;s not a single bit of a .
but this is what &apos;s awake at night -- one of the things that hold me awake at night . we &apos;ve never needed scientific progress as well as now , never , never , never , never , never , never , never , never .
and we were also never able to do it in the situation , like we can do it today .
we &apos;re at the threshold of amazing , amazing events on many areas , and yet i really think we have to go back 300 years ago to find a time where we have progress .
people are breeding in their faith , and that &apos;s how they can &apos;t free them .
not even the truth is going to be free .
and listen , everybody has a right on his opinion ; even a right on his opinion .
but you know what you don &apos;t have right ?
they don &apos;t have a fairly fairly on their own facts . &apos; &quot; sorry , don &apos;t have them .
and i took a while to figure out that .
about a decade ago , i wrote a paper about the eternal york , a little article .
and i was amazed to get on resistance , resistance to what the most effective impact in health care is in the history of humanity .
i didn &apos;t know what to do , so i just did what i do , i wrote a paper and drove .
and soon , i wrote a paper about genetically changed food .
the same thing , just bigger .
people were telling crazy .
so i wrote a paper about this , and i couldn &apos;t understand why people thought that , &quot; &quot; the &quot; why they believed that molecules were going to a certain way of random . &quot;
but you know , i do what i do . i wrote the article , i kept doing it .
i mean , i &apos;m a journalist .
we type , we &apos;re going to take a rich , we &apos;re going to eat that &apos;s okay .
but this article made me worry , and i couldn &apos;t figure out why , and finally i found it .
and that &apos;s that these stripes were doing that crazy at all .
these were the people who were educated people , educated people .
they were just like people in this room .
and that brought me so mess .
but then i thought , you know what , let &apos;s be honest .
we &apos;re at a point where we don &apos;t have the same relationship to progress as used .
we &apos;re talking about it .
we &apos;re talking ironic of it , with little quote , &quot; progress . &quot;
okay , there &apos;s reasons , and i think we know what reasons are .
we have the trust in institutions , in authority , and sometimes in science , and there &apos;s no reason why that shouldn &apos;t be .
you can just call a few names and people will understand .
chernobyl , the most profound , the wise , the mass of mass destruction , the u.s. destruction , the most of 2,000 .
i mean , you know , you can choose your own list .
there are questions and problems with people who we believed that they were always right . so they &apos;re skeptical .
imagine , demand , you demand evidence , desire you .
don &apos;t take anything as given .
but now , it &apos;s like , if you have to get evidence , you &apos;re not going to take this evidence , and we &apos;re not good at that .
and i can say that we &apos;re going to live in an epidemic of fear , like i never saw them and hopefully see .
about 12 years ago , a story was published , a terrible story that the most of the time that the template , and the vaccine , and the vaccine in connection .
very scary .
so , people were doing a lot of studies to see if that was true .
so , people should be done by the way , that &apos;s a serious thing .
the data came in .
the data came in from the united states , from england , from sweden , from canada , and they were all the same , no correlation , no connection .
it doesn &apos;t make any difference . it doesn &apos;t make any difference because we believe in anecdotes , we believe what we &apos;re seeing to see what we &apos;re doing .
we don &apos;t believe in a bunch of documents from a kind of a kind of a little bit of documents that are there , and i understand that , i think that &apos;s all .
but you know what ?
the result of it was devastating .
hyperbolic because of this fact : the united states is one of the only countries on the world , where the appropriate for the genomic for gunpowder .
that &apos;s a little bit of the time and we should be ashamed .
it &apos;s terrible .
what happens is that we could do that .
well , i understand that . i do .
because here anybody is telling you ?
has one in the audience ever die in the audience ?
not very often .
in this country , it &apos;s not happening at all , but venture times on the world in the last year .
these are many deaths through the self-organized , 20 per hour .
but because that &apos;s not happening here , we can see it , and people like jenny can walk around and the messages of fear and the circular king of platforms like oprah and larry king live .
and that can make you because you don &apos;t connect the cause and correlation .
you don &apos;t understand that these things seem to be equal , but almost never the same thing .
and that &apos;s something we need to learn , and that &apos;s very fast .
this guy was a hero , jonas gould .
he was wearing us from one of the worst things of humanity .
no fear , no adequate , polio , continuous , disappeared .
the guy in the middle of the middle .
he &apos;s called paul &apos;s .
he just developed a few other people &apos;s own .
he can save life from the world &apos;s life , 500,000 children a year in the developing world .
pretty good , not ?
now , that &apos;s good , except that paul &apos;s talked about vaccines and about vaccines , and says how valuable they are , and they should just stop to go .
and that &apos;s actually what he says .
so paul is a terrorist .
if paul talks in a public health , he can &apos;t tell no seawater guards .
he gets calls to home , because people like to tell him that they know where his children go to school .
and why ? because paul has made a vaccine .
i don &apos;t need that , but vaccines are essential .
you take them on , return , the disease back , terrible diseases , and that &apos;s what happens .
we have now a 15-year-old in this country now .
and that &apos;s going to be worse , and pretty soon , children are going to die again , because that &apos;s just a question of numbers .
and they &apos;re not just dying of gunpowder .
what about polio ? let &apos;s take that . why not ?
a few weeks ago , i wrote a few weeks ago , and i think i &apos;m a little bit too sharp .
nobody ever said that before .
she wouldn &apos;t vaccinate your child against polio . no case .
fine .
why ? because we don &apos;t have polio . and you know what ?
we had no polio in this country yesterday .
today , i don &apos;t know , maybe somebody went in in lagos today , and flies on los angeles , right now , it &apos;s about ohio .
and in a few hours , he &apos;s dependent on and a car , and he comes to long beach , and he &apos;s going to visit one of these of the most of the things that we &apos;re going to do tonight .
and he doesn &apos;t know that he &apos;s infected with a low-cost disease , and we don &apos;t know that , because the world is now working .
that &apos;s the planet that we live on . don &apos;t do that as if it &apos;s not .
we love to repeat it in lying . we love that .
did you have all the time tomorrow ?
and the most of the time , a little bit of a little bit of a sudden that helps you .
i know they did that because half of the americans do that every day .
they take the stuff , and they take alternative cure , and it doesn &apos;t make any difference like that , they &apos;re useless .
the data is constantly taking the most common .
they &apos;re discussing their urine . more they never do .
that &apos;s okay , they want to pay 28 billion dollars for dark urine .
i agree with you .
dark urine . dark .
why do we do that ? why do we do that ?
well , i think i understand -- we hate the drug industry .
we hate a strong government . we don &apos;t have trust in the system .
and that &apos;s not what we should do . our healthcare system is horrible .
it &apos;s cruel to millions of people .
it &apos;s absolutely amazing cold and the self itself to us , which can afford .
so we &apos;re running away before , and where do we walk ?
we &apos;re running in the poor of the most of the world &apos;s arms .
that &apos;s great . i love the most .
but you know , that &apos;s really a serious thing , because the stuff is crap , and we give billions of dollars .
and i have all kinds of little masterpieces here .
none of it -- the most of the time -- it was , the , was , the , i don &apos;t even know what that is , but we &apos;re going to give billions of dollars to it .
and you know what ? if i say that , people shout me and say , &quot; what cares about ? let people do what they want .
so you feel good . &quot;
and you know what ? you &apos;re wrong .
because it doesn &apos;t matter whether it &apos;s the minister of the minister , which says , &quot; hmm , i &apos;m going to be the evidence of my experts to mammography . &quot;
if you go to this path , where you &apos;re going to replace magic and magic evidence and science , you get a place where you don &apos;t want to be .
they get to the most of the way to the most of the water in south africa .
he brought 400,000 of his people , because he was that red signs , they &apos;re a lot more effective , and they &apos;re more effective than antiretroviral drugs that we know that they can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be the course of aids .
hundreds of thousands of yemeni deaths in a country that &apos;s going to be worse than any other of these disease .
tell me that these things don &apos;t have consequences .
they have them . they always have them .
now , the most of the epidemic we &apos;re doing is that this is the sponsor struggle between the most common food and the most of the time .
that &apos;s a debate debate . it has to stop .
it &apos;s a debate about words , about metaphor .
that &apos;s ideology , not science .
everything we eat , every single branch , every branch , every experimenter , was changed by the people .
you know , there was no kind of a life in paradise .
there was no more a single way .
there was no more a single thing . we did all this .
we &apos;ve done it in the last 11,000 years .
and some of them worked and don &apos;t work .
we &apos;re pregnant , which is not working .
now we can do it more specifically . and of course , there are risks . but we can do something like vitamin a in rice , and the stuff can help millions of people .
do you don &apos;t want to do that ?
i have to say that i don &apos;t understand .
we &apos;re genetically tracking food .
why do we do that ?
now , what i &apos;m constantly hearing is to do a lot of chemicals , pesticides , hormones , hormones , we don &apos;t want to have huge fields with one thing that &apos;s wrong .
we don &apos;t want companies to patent lives .
we don &apos;t want companies to have seeds .
and you know what my answer is to all that ?
yes , they &apos;re right . fix that .
it &apos;s true , we have a huge amount of energy , but that &apos;s not science .
that &apos;s nothing to do with science .
it &apos;s right , morality , more .
you know that science is not a company .
it &apos;s not a country .
it &apos;s not even an idea ; it &apos;s a process .
it &apos;s a process , and sometimes he works and sometimes not , but the idea that we shouldn &apos;t allow science to do their work because we &apos;re afraid of it .
you know , in the next 50 years , we have to grow 70 percent more food than in the moment . 70 percent .
this investment in africa in the last 30 years .
embarrassing . embarrassing .
they need that , and we don &apos;t give them .
and why ? genetically changed food .
we don &apos;t want people to encourage this to eat stuff like that , for example .
so , a little bit of a billion people eat .
it &apos;s about like a waterfall .
it &apos;s just a bunch of calories . it &apos;s horrible .
it doesn &apos;t have nutrients , it doesn &apos;t have protein , and scientists are building all this .
and then people could eat the food and wouldn &apos;t be blind .
they wouldn &apos;t starve , and you know what ?
that would be beautiful . it wouldn &apos;t be a screenshot , but it would be beautiful .
and everything i can say is : why do we fight that ?
i mean , let &apos;s ask ourselves : why do we fight that ?
because we don &apos;t want to move around genes ?
it &apos;s not about genes around . it &apos;s not about chemicals .
it &apos;s not about our ridiculous passion for hormones , our grandchildren on greater food , better food , unique food .
it &apos;s not about rice &apos;s , it &apos;s about getting people alive , and it &apos;s going to be highest time to understand what that means .
because you know what ?
if we don &apos;t do that , if we &apos;re going to do that , we &apos;re going to be guilty of something that we think i don &apos;t want to be guilty of , high-tech colonialism .
there &apos;s no other description for what &apos;s happening here .
it &apos;s selfish , it &apos;s ugly , it &apos;s not worthy of our , and we really need to stop that .
so after that incredibly funny conversation , you might want to say , &quot; do you still want to go into this ridiculous machine machine and go into the future ? &quot;
on every case . i want to go to every case .
right now , it &apos;s in the present , but we have an incredible opportunity .
we can put this machine machine on everything we want .
we can move them away , where we want them to move them away , and we &apos;re going to move them where we want .
we need to lead these conversations , and we need to think , but if we go to the machine , we &apos;re going to be happy to have done that .
i know we can , and it &apos;s what it is , and it &apos;s something that needs the world now .
thank you .
thank you .
i &apos;ve been interested in the time for a while for a while , and it may seem strange that a magician is interested in it , because it &apos;s like me , as i think , as a deception .
with other words , sugar have shown a measurable effect , the most likely effect , and that &apos;s why the person thinks what happens to her , is a kind of measurable effect .
a deception is going to be a little real , because somebody &apos;s going to be so familiar with it .
so we also understand each other , i want to show you a fundamental , very simple trick .
and i &apos;m going to show you how he works . that &apos;s a trick that has been at least for the 1950s in every single single way for children .
i learned it from the most of the time of the kenyan magic magic in the 1970s .
i &apos;m going to do it for you and then explain it .
and then i &apos;ll explain why i explain him .
so , look what happens .
that knife you can study ; my hand , the you can study .
i &apos;m just going to hold the knife so that i &apos;m going to be able to do that .
i &apos;m going to push my sleeves back .
and to make sure that nothing in my sleeve disappears or come out of him , i &apos;m just going to be my wrist here .
you can see that you can see anything that &apos;s moving to no time . as long as i &apos;m here , nothing in my sleeve can go or come out .
and the goal is very simple .
i &apos;m going to open my hand , and hopefully , if everything goes well , the knife is going to be held through my naked physical magnetism .
it actually is so special in his place that i can shake it without that knife .
nothing goes in my sleeve or come out , no , no , and you can study everything .
and the most of the time .
now , that &apos;s a trick i often have little kids to be interested in , because you can learn very much about deception when you look carefully , even though it &apos;s a very simple trick .
probably many of you here know in the room here in the room .
he works like this .
i think that knife in my hand .
i say i &apos;m going to say my wrist to make sure that nothing in my sleeve disappears or come out , and that &apos;s a lie .
the reason i &apos;m my wrist is that the real secret of illusion is that the real secret of illusion is .
because the moment i &apos;m going to do my hand from you , so you see it from the back , it &apos;s moving here , my horror , just from there , where it was , in a position he &apos;s so extended .
great trick ?
there &apos;s someone sitting back there , which didn &apos;t have a childhood .
so , he &apos;s here . right .
and if i &apos;m going to get to the finger , the finger changes his position .
and now you could talk about why that &apos;s a deception , why you don &apos;t want to see that there &apos;s only three fingers down here , because the mind and the way it &apos;s information .
but that &apos;s what it is now not now . and then i open my hand .
of course , it &apos;s going to be held there , but not by the magnetism of my body , but through a trick , through my horror , which is there .
and if i close my hand , the same thing happens by me , it &apos;s hidden by this movement that the fingers is going to be able to be able to get back .
i take this hand away . and here &apos;s the knife .
this trick can demonstrate your friends and neighbors . thank you .
now , what does that have to do with the most of the time ?
a year ago , i read a study that really understood me .
i &apos;m not a doctor or researchers , and so that was an amazing thing for me .
because it turns out that if you offer a placebo in a white pill , it &apos;s just a round of a round , white pill , which has a certain measurable effect .
but if you give the shape , you give the placebo to the , for example , in a smaller pill , and you can paint this blue and a letter on it , it &apos;s actually measurable effective .
and that , although no one &apos;s most of them -- it &apos;s just sugar .
but a white pill is not as good as a blue pill .
what ? that &apos;s what i really did .
but it turns out that it &apos;s not all .
if you take colorful , the more effective than pills are every form .
a colored capsule , which is yellow and the other red , is better than a white capsule .
the wax plays a role .
a pill twice is not as good as three pills -- i can &apos;t remember the exact statistics . sorry .
but the key thing is , ...
... that the doses of the doses is playing a role .
and the shape plays a role .
and if you want to have the ultimate of the ultimate , you have to reach to the needle .
right ? a syringe with a computer -- a few of a sudden of a little bit of a little bit of a unit of substance that you &apos;re going to show a patient .
that creates a very strong picture in your head . that &apos;s very much stronger than a white pill .
this chart is really ... i &apos;m going to show you another time if we have a kite .
so , the white pill is not so good as the blue pill , which doesn &apos;t work so well as a capsule , which doesn &apos;t work as well as the needle .
and nothing of it has really been a really promising property . it &apos;s just our belief that &apos;s going to be a stronger effect .
i wanted to know if i could use this idea for a magic trick .
i take something that &apos;s obviously a deception , and i &apos;ll just look at it .
we know yes from the study that you have to reach to the needle when it &apos;s going to go to the thing .
this is a 18 inches of a long time , and it &apos;s very , very respectful . and i &apos;m going to first ask you a little bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of it .
this is really my meat . it &apos;s not a special gift of meat .
this is my skin . that &apos;s not a special special from hollywood .
i &apos;m going to stick this needle into my skin , and i &apos;m going to put through them until they &apos;re going to be activated on the other side .
if you &apos;re going to be bad -- if you fall easy in the moment -- i &apos;ve demonstrated this a few friends last night in the hotel room , and some people i didn &apos;t know , and it &apos;s a woman almost powerless .
so i propose , if you &apos;re going to be a lot of bad bad , you look at the next 30 seconds . or , you know what , i &apos;m going to make the first sensitive part here .
you can see it , you can also see it , but you can also get it out .
so , it &apos;s like that , where my flesh starts , i &apos;m going to just make a little more toxic amount of water .
really sorry . do you do that crazy ?
and now just a little bit of my skin and on the other side .
now we &apos;re actually in the same situation that we had in the same situation .
about .
but now you can &apos;t count my fingers , right ?
so , i &apos;m going to show you . that &apos;s one , two , three , four , five .
well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well , well .
i know what people think if they see that .
they say , &quot; okay , that &apos;s not so stupid and the skin itself , just to talk to us a few minutes . &quot;
well , i &apos;ll show you .
how does this look like this ? pretty good .
yeah , i know .
and people go back to the back , &quot; okay . i don &apos;t see that right . &quot;
people in the most difficult come in the world now .
let me show you from the close .
that &apos;s really my skin . that &apos;s not a special special from hollywood .
that &apos;s my meat , and i can grab that .
sorry . if you &apos;re going to be bad , you don &apos;t look at it .
people back back or the ones that later see this day , say , &quot; well , that &apos;s right , but if it would be real , it would be a hole . &quot;
okay , let me a little blood for you .
yes , here it is .
i would normally take the needle down .
i would clean my arm and show you that there are no wounds .
but i think in this frame here , and with purpose , something is real to make a real thing , i &apos;m just going to let the needle just put there in there and go from the stage .
we &apos;re going to meet a few times a few times .
i hope you &apos;re happy to do it . thank you .
everybody talks about happiness today .
i have some people counting the number of books that were published with happiness in the last five years , and they gave them about 40 , and there was a lot more .
there &apos;s a massive wave of interest in happiness under researchers .
there &apos;s a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot of things .
everybody would like to make people happier .
but despite all of these tide of work , there are several cognitive designers fall there , which is almost impossible to think about happiness .
and my talk today is mostly going to fall from these cognitive .
that &apos;s true for worship , which is thinking about your own happiness , and it &apos;s true for scientists that think about happiness because it turns out that we &apos;re exactly so mess as any other .
the first of these fall is a more powerful , complexity .
it turns out that the word is lucky simply not a useful word , because we &apos;re using it too many different things .
i think there &apos;s a certain meaning that we could just see , but in the big and all the way that we need to give up , and we need to take the complicated view of what well-being is .
the second trap is a reminder of experience and memory : basically it &apos;s between happy in his life and happy to be happy with his life .
and these are two very different concepts , and they &apos;re both more likely to be in the idea of happiness .
and the third is the most important thing , and that &apos;s the unhappy fact that we can &apos;t think about a fact that is causing well-being , without making its meaning .
i mean , that &apos;s a real cognitive trap .
there &apos;s just no way to get it right .
now i &apos;d like to start with an example of someone who had a little bit of a lectures after one of my lectures who was a story .
and then he added , really , really emotionally , that ruins the whole experience .
but that didn &apos;t .
what it had was the memories of the experience .
he had had the experience .
he had 20 minutes of music .
they don &apos;t care about it because he was a memory of a memory ; the memory was ruined , and the memory was all he had to keep .
what that really tells us is that we could think about ourselves and about other people in the sense of two species .
there &apos;s a little bit of a self that lives in the present and know the present , and it &apos;s basically the present .
it &apos;s the most powerful self , which is the doctor &apos;s doctor -- you know , if the doctor asks : &quot; does it hurt if i &apos;m going to get them here ? &quot;
and then there &apos;s a little bit of a self , and the most the self itself is that the most important and the story of our lives is going to be upright , and it &apos;s the doctor &apos;s doctor .
or &quot; how did your journey go to albania ? &quot; or so similar .
these are two very different units , the most of the time , and the most of the self , and the two is part of the most of the most of the time .
well , the most of the time is a storyteller .
and that really starts with a fundamental response to our memories -- it starts immediately .
we don &apos;t just tell stories if we do that , to tell stories .
our memory tells us stories that are that what we can keep from our experiences is a story .
and let &apos;s start with an example of a example .
there &apos;s an old study .
these are real patients who put a painful procedure .
i &apos;m not going to go to the details . it &apos;s not painful , but she was painful when this study was done in the 1990s .
they were asked to report all 60 seconds about their pain .
and here are two patients . these are their records .
and they &apos;re asked , &quot; who &apos;s got more ? &quot;
and that &apos;s a very simple question .
patient b has clearly suffered more . his favorite was longer , and every minute of pain , the patient had a patient b , and more .
but now there &apos;s another question : &quot; how much thought that these patients do that they hide ? &quot;
and here &apos;s a surprise .
and the surprise is that patient a much worse thing had a much worse to the most worse than the patient b.
the stories of the most difficult ones were different , and because a very critical part of the story is how they ends --
and no one &apos;s stories is very much , or great -- but one of them is that clearly ...
but one of them is clear as the other .
and that , the worse is , where the pain was very much at the end of his peak . it &apos;s a bad story .
how do we know that ?
because we asked these people to their own , and also a lot later : &quot; how bad was the whole thing ? &quot;
and she was much worse for a as a decade of b in the most powerful .
now , that &apos;s a direct conflict between the self itself and the most of the self itself .
from the world &apos;s self , b had clearly a worse time .
now , what you could do with patient a do is , and we actually did clinical experiments , and it &apos;s been done , and it &apos;s been done , you could actually make the tube in the patient without too much .
that &apos;s going to lead that the patient is suffering , but just a little bit less than before .
and if you have a few minutes , you have a few minutes that the patient &apos;s self is a bad way of patient a bad thing , and you have a much better thing that &apos;s a much better thing about its experience .
what does a story draw ?
and that &apos;s true for the stories that memory gives us and it &apos;s true for the stories that we invent .
what a story is more likely to be is , significant moments and end .
end is very , very important and in this case dominated the end .
now , the most common self lives his life .
it has moments of the most of the time , a after the other .
and they ask : what happens to these moments ?
and the answer is really simple . they &apos;re lost forever .
i mean , most moments of our lives -- and i have this -- you know , the psychological present is about three seconds long .
most of you will completely ignored from the most of the time .
and yet , they get the impression that they should count that what &apos;s happening during this moments of the world &apos;s lives is our lives .
it &apos;s the limited resource that we use during this world .
and as we use them , it seems to be important , but that &apos;s not the story that keep the most of the time for us .
so we have the most powerful self , and the most of the self , and they &apos;re really different .
the biggest difference between them is the way to do with time .
from the world &apos;s self , if you have a vacation and the second week is exactly as good as the first one is the first one , the most important vacation is twice as good as the most of the time vacation .
so that &apos;s not what it works for the most of the self .
for the self itself , a slave vacation is hardly better than the most of the time , because there are no new memories .
they didn &apos;t change the story .
and in this way , time is actually the critical variable that &apos;s different from a computer itself . time has very little influence on this story .
well , the most important self itself makes more than remember and tell stories .
it &apos;s actually the one that &apos;s going to be made , because if you have a patient , we had two different surgeons , and it decides what to choose , then the one that &apos;s selected .
the self itself has no voice in this choice .
we don &apos;t actually choose between experiences . we choose between memories .
and even if we think about the future , we don &apos;t usually think of our future as a experience .
we think about our future as a little bit of memories .
and basically , you can look at that , you know , as a mystic of the world &apos;s self , and you can think of the self itself as a one that doesn &apos;t need the most of the time .
i have the impression that if we do vacation , that &apos;s very often , we &apos;re doing the vacation of the self &apos;s service .
and that &apos;s a little bit hard to justify , i think .
i mean , how much of the time we &apos;re from our memories ?
this is one of the explanations that &apos;s given for the dominance of the self itself .
and if i think about it , i think i &apos;ve done a vacation that we &apos;ve done in antarctica , which was clear the best vacation i had ever had , and i think i &apos;m relatively often thinking about how often i think about other people .
and i probably have my memories of my memories , i would say about 25 minutes in the last four years .
now , if i had ever opened the folder with 600 images , i spent another hour .
well , these are three weeks , and these are a hours of a hours .
there &apos;s a dissonance to give .
now , i like a little bit extremely , you know , how little appetite do i have on the most of the time , but even if you give more of it . why do we give memories to the weight ?
so i want you to think about a thought about a thought .
imagine your next vacation , you know that the end of the world &apos;s end is all made their pictures and get a drug drug , so they &apos;re not going to remember anything .
now , would you choose the same vacation ?
and if you choose to choose a different vacation , there &apos;s a conflict between your two species of self and you have to think about how you get to think about it and not obvious , because if you get to the sense of memories .
why we choose the most of the time we &apos;re choosing is a problem that turns out to us with a choice between the two species of self .
well , the two species of self throw two terms of happiness .
there are actually two concepts of happiness that we can apply , one per one of the themselves .
so you can ask : how happy is the most powerful self ?
and then you would ask : how happy are the moments of the life of the self ?
and they &apos;re all -- happiness for moments is a pretty complicated process .
what are the emotions that can be measured ?
and , by the way , we &apos;re able to get a pretty good idea of happiness of the self itself .
if you ask the happiness of the self , it &apos;s a very different thing .
that &apos;s not how happy a person lives .
it &apos;s how satisfied or pleased the person is when this person thinks about their lives .
very different term .
everybody who &apos;s not going to be different to the speech of happiness , and i &apos;m a lot of researchers who have studied the exploration of happiness long .
the distinction between happiness itself is recognized the most important self , and the happiness of the self is recognized in the last few years , and now you &apos;re going to be aware of the two .
the cheapest organization has a worldwide survey , which has been asked more than half a million people asked about what they think about their lives and over their experiences . and there were other efforts in the direction .
so in the last few years , we started learning about happiness of the two species of self .
and the main lesson that we think is , i learned , is that they &apos;re really different .
you can know how happy someone is with his life , and that &apos;s not what she really teaches you about how happy he lives and vice versa .
just to give you a sense of the correlation that is correlation about it .
what that means is that if you meet somebody and you would tell you , oh , his father is a little bit of how much you would know about your size ?
well , they would know something about his size , but there &apos;s a lot of uncertainty .
they have so much uncertainty .
if i tell you that someone has his life as eight on a scale of 10 , they have a lot of uncertainty about how happy he is with his own self .
so the correlation is low .
we know something about what happiness is determined .
we know that money is very important , goals are very important .
we know happiness is mainly , being satisfied with people we like to spend time with people that we like .
there are other pleasure , but that &apos;s dominant .
so if you want to maximize the two species of self , you &apos;re going to do very different things .
the conclusion of what i said here is that we &apos;re not supposed to imagine happiness as a substitute for well-being .
it &apos;s a completely different term .
well , very short , another reason we can &apos;t think about happiness is that we don &apos;t pay attention to the same things when we think about life and if we actually live .
so if you ask the simple question , how happy people are going to be the correct answer .
if you think about this question , you think that people have to be happier when they say , in ohio , we live in ohio .
and what happens is that if you think about life in california , you think about the difference between california and other places , and that difference is , we say , in climate .
well , it turns out that climate is not very important for the self itself , and it &apos;s not even very important for the the storm itself , which decides how happy people are .
but , because the the saddest self is responsible , you can at the end -- some people could move at the end of california .
and it &apos;s kind of interesting to pursue what happens to people who are going to pull out to be happier .
well , you &apos;re not going to be happier .
we know that .
but one thing is going to happen . they &apos;re going to think they &apos;re happier , because if they &apos;re going to think about it , they &apos;re going to feel like terrible the weather in ohio .
it &apos;s very difficult to think about well-being , and i hope i &apos;ve got a sense of how hard it is .
thank you .
thank you . i have a question to you .
thank you .
now , when we mentioned a few weeks ago , she gave me that there was a pretty interesting result that came from this magnificent survey .
is that something you can share with us because you have a few minutes left ?
daniel &apos;s : sure .
i think the most interesting result we found in the southwest survey is a number that we didn &apos;t expect to find .
we found that in terms of happiness of self .
if we looked at how feelings vary with income .
and it turns out that under a income of 60,000 dollars a year , for americans , and that &apos;s a very large sample of americans , about 600,000 , but it &apos;s a big representative sample under a income of 600,000 dollars a year .
60,000 .
and the most of the time : 60,000 .
60,000 dollars a year are people unhappy , and they &apos;re increasingly less happy , the poorer they will be .
we get a absolutely flat line about it .
i mean , i rarely saw this flat lines .
what happens is obviously that money is not going to put a more a single , but that lack of money is certainly misery , and we can measure this misery very , very clear .
in the other self , the most of the other self , the most of the time , you get another story .
the more money you deserve is the happier .
that &apos;s not true for emotions .
but danny , in the entire american effort , it &apos;s about life , freedom , the pursuit of happiness .
if people would take these things seriously , i mean , it seems to be able to put everything on the head , everything we believe in terms of the way that we believe in terms of the ground and so on .
is there a chance that politicians , that the country would generally take a more a bit of a sudden and based on politics ?
and you know , you know , i think there &apos;s recognition for the role of the world &apos;s role .
the recognition is slowly going to be in the united states , no question , but in the united kingdom , it &apos;s just happening and in other countries .
people are , to conclude , that they should think about happiness if they think about politics .
it &apos;s going to take a while , and people are going to discuss whether they want to explore or explore whether they want to explore them , so we have to have this discussion pretty soon .
how to &apos;re lucky to be able to depend on how they think and whether they think about the self &apos;s self or whether they think about the self &apos;s self .
that &apos;s going to affect politics , i think , in the next few years .
in the united states , you &apos;re going to be able to measure the population of the population .
that &apos;s going to be , i think , in the next one or two decades of national statistics .
well , it seems to me , this topic is going to be , or should be the most interesting political debate to the next few years .
thank you very much for the invention of behavioral economics .
thank you , danny &apos;s .
i &apos;m jane join . i design video games .
i &apos;ve been developing 10 years for 10 years , and my goal for the next decade is to make it so easy to save the world in reality .
i have a plan for this . i want to convince more people , including all of them , more time with the other time and the other games .
now we spend three billion hours a week with a second .
some of you may think , &quot; that &apos;s a whole lot of time for games . &quot;
maybe something too much time if you think about how many problems we have in the real world .
but in fact , my research at the institute of the future is the opposite , right ?
three billion hours per week , they &apos;re not nearly enough to solve the most difficult problems of the world .
in fact , i &apos;m convinced that if we want to survive the next century on this planet , we need to increase this time .
i &apos;ve been discovering that the time is going to be a week at 21 billion hours per week .
that seems to play something called the first thing , so i repeat it , so i can do it , if we &apos;re hunger , poverty , climate change , global conflicts , and obesity , i think , is going to be going to play online .
no , i really mean it seriously .
why ? this picture describes pretty precisely why i think games are so essential for survival of human species in the future . seriously .
this is a portrait of photographers phil .
he wanted to capture the feelings in play . so he built a camera built .
this is one of the classic expressions of play .
if you don &apos;t have any player , maybe you get some of the nuances in this picture .
you probably see this sense of urgency , something fear , but also , also , concentration of concentration , very large in the process of a real difficult problem .
if you play , you see some nuances here , you see some nuances up here , and the mouth is a sign of optimism .
this is a player that &apos;s a player on the edge of a so-called epic .
oh , you know that . ok . so , good . so we have some players here .
a flame victory is a result that &apos;s so positive that it &apos;s not possible that it was possible at all .
it was almost beyond the imagination .
and if you reach it , you &apos;re shocked that you &apos;re actually able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do something that &apos;s a victory .
this player is short a epic victory .
and this is what we need to see on millions of faces from the world , if we take the barriers of the next century . the face of the next century is going to be a epic .
well , unfortunately , we see this face in real life when we go to the hard problems .
i call it the &quot; in life &quot; in life , and it &apos;s actually my face , you see ? yes ? ok .
that &apos;s me , as i &apos;m doing , i &apos;m bad to do that in life .
this is a graffiti in my former home in berkeley , california , where i studied in my ph.d. , why we &apos;re better in play .
that &apos;s a problem that many players have .
we think we &apos;re not so good in reality .
and i don &apos;t just mean less successful , although that &apos;s what it belongs to .
we &apos;re going to get more in the more . i mean , i mean , in the context of motivation , something more powerful to do , inspired with collaboration .
if we &apos;re in a computer system , i think many of us turn into our best version , anytime and immediately helpful , the problem is trying to try and try it again .
and in reality , if we fail , if we &apos;re going to get to obstacles , we often feel different .
we feel overwhelmed . we feel fooled . we feel threatened , maybe depressed , frustrated or turn .
these feelings have never been when we play games , there &apos;s just not .
and that &apos;s what i wanted to study as a student .
why is it impossible to think , you can &apos;t just do everything ?
how can we transmit these feelings from play into reality ?
so i looked like world of warcraft , which is the ideal environment to the collaborative problem .
and i &apos;ve found some things that make the epic constant in the way that they can do .
so , first , if you get into one of these most of the things , especially in the world of warcraft , there &apos;s a lot of different characters that are willing to be willing to be a mission of mission , and it &apos;s immediately .
but not only any mission , but a mission , which fits perfect to your current level in the game , right ?
so they create that .
they never get a task that they can &apos;t solve .
but always on the edge of their skills , so they have to be a little bit of a little bit . but there &apos;s no unemployment in world of warcraft .
you &apos;re not sitting around and you &apos;re sitting in the way , and there &apos;s always something important to do .
and there are lots of employees .
where they go , hundreds of thousands of people who work with them to finish their epic mission .
we don &apos;t have that easy life in the real life , this feeling that in a computer form , are ready to be ready .
and also , there &apos;s this epic story , this inspiring story , why we &apos;re there and what we have to do .
then we get this whole positive feedback .
they &apos;ve been determined by &quot; level up &quot; and &quot; come on &quot; and &quot; + 1 &quot; or &quot; + 1 . &quot;
this constant feedback is not in the real life .
if i leave this stage , i don &apos;t have one talk , and come on one crazy idea , dead , 20 crazy idea .
i don &apos;t get in the real life of this feedback .
so , the problem of the world &apos;s problem is that the world &apos;s world is that it &apos;s so satisfying , anytime the edge of a epic puppet , that we &apos;re rather spending our whole time in these are .
they &apos;re just better than reality .
until today , all the world of the world &apos;s own have spent millions of years of solving the virtual problems of the world &apos;s problems .
that &apos;s not necessarily something bad .
it may sound bad .
but to see it in the context , there started to be a million years ago , and we started to go upright .
so the first character primate .
ok , so if we talk about how much time we spend with play , it &apos;s just a sense of when you &apos;re going to be the time in terms of the human development .
but also , it &apos;s appropriate . because it turns out we &apos;re using this whole time to play , actually , what we &apos;re able to do as humans .
we &apos;re developing to collaborative , thank you .
that &apos;s the truth . i think it &apos;s the truth .
look at this interesting statistic , that was published by a researcher of carnegie mellon university : the average boy of the average young man in a country with enormous , six hours of the 21st .
so , 10,000 hours is a very interesting number , two reasons .
first of all , for children in the united states , they &apos;re the exact exact exact number of times that they spend in school , from the five grade to the degree of high school -- if you never &apos;re missing .
so we have a complete amount of a little bit of the time , on the young people , which means to be a good player , like everything you learn in school .
and maybe some of you have the new book of malcolm gladwell , &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; i read . &quot;
so you know his theory of success , the theory of the success of the 10,000 hours .
it &apos;s based on the great research of the world &apos;s great research that if we spend 10,000 hours with the hungarian study of any subject to the 21st study of a subject , we &apos;ll be master .
we &apos;re going to be so good at doing what the most significant people of the world are .
so , what we have here is a complete generation of young people who are the most important .
so the big question is , &quot; what exactly are players familiar with ? &quot;
because if we could figure out that , we would have never been there before , human potential .
so many people have been in the world now , who spend at least one hour per day with a day .
these are our favorite ones . 500 million people who are extraordinary in &quot; something . &quot;
and the next decade we have another billion players , the extraordinary thing , are always good in what are .
if you haven &apos;t heard it yet .
the most important thing is , the energy system , saving energy and work on the ground , instead of the most of the time , so on the world , especially in india , china , brazil can play online .
you expect a extra billion players in the next decade .
so we have 1.5 billion players .
so i started thinking about what it is to master us .
here are the four things i found . first of all , the first thing i found .
ok , imagine how extreme the extreme .
and the desire is the desire to do something immediately , a professional degree , to master , with the belief that we have an intentional hope on success .
players always believe that a lot of a victory is possible , and that it &apos;s always worth trying to try and try and try and do it .
players don &apos;t sit around .
players are masters in spiders poet &apos;s alibi nets .
there &apos;s a lot of interesting studies that show that we like people to be more than we &apos;ve played with them , even if they put us bad .
the reason that it &apos;s a lot of trust is that it requires a lot to play with someone .
we trust that someone spend time with us that the rules are going to be honored to have the same goal and stay to the most of the time .
so the most important thing allows the most of the time to grow from bonds , trust and each other .
as a result of that , we build stronger social relationships .
and productivity productivity . fantastic !
you know , there &apos;s a reason why the most of the time of the world &apos;s disease plays 22 hours a week , sort of , as a result of the world .
the reason is that if we play , we &apos;re actually happier to work hard than if we relax or nothing .
we know that we &apos;re adding as human beings , if we do hard , significant work .
and players are always ready to work hard when they get the right task .
and finally , epic meaning .
players love to become part of awe of awe is to be a hundred of the imagery .
here &apos;s a little bit of a time to go to the right light . you know all wikipedia , the largest wiki of the world .
the second solo of the world , with almost 80,000 thurman is the world of warcraft .
five million people use it every month .
they &apos;ve collected more information about the world of warcraft in the internet than any other topic in the world .
they create a epic story .
they create a epic source of knowledge about the world of warcraft .
ok , so these are four superpowers that lead to a single outcome . players are a hopeful , hopeful individuals .
it &apos;s people who believe that they can change the world .
and the only problem is that they believe they can change the virtual worlds , but not the real thing .
that &apos;s the problem i &apos;m trying to solve .
edward , a lot of a sudden .
his work is great . he studied why people spend so much time , energy and money in the world .
and he says , &quot; we &apos;re going to be witnesses from not less than a human in virtual worlds and the most important . &quot;
and that &apos;s what an economist . so he &apos;s logical .
and he says ...
not like i -- i develop games , i &apos;m a little bit of a little bit more .
so he says that actually makes sense , because players can achieve more than in the real life .
you can make stronger social bonds in play as in real life . you get more feedback and rewards in play than in real life .
so , he says it &apos;s completely logical that players spend more time in virtual world than in the real .
i just agree with that , that &apos;s logical .
but it &apos;s definitely not a single bit of a time .
we need to start turning the real world into a game .
my inspiration comes from a event that 2,500 years ago .
there &apos;s this ancient cube , from the of the world &apos;s . you know ?
there was a fantastic thing of these fantastic things .
and that was the first of people developed the first of people .
and if you &apos;re familiar with the work of the old greek , you might know this story . the story about how and why games were invented .
according to the other , games were invented , more specifically , in the kingdom of famine , as a famine .
there was such a big famine that decided that the king of the day decided to have a crazy idea .
people suffered . people fought .
it was an extreme situation . you needed an extreme solution .
so they invented , according to the most loud , the most ambitious and the fictional strategy , a national strategy . on a day , you would play .
and they would be so much in the most powerful , and they &apos;re so fascinating , because they &apos;re so fascinating and we &apos;re living with the most powerful productivity that they would forget that there was nothing to eat .
and then , the next day you would play . and the next day you would eat .
and according to the most loud , they survived this famine for 18 years by eating on a day and playing on the next .
so , i think , let &apos;s put games today .
we &apos;re putting games to escape the real world .
we &apos;re putting games to get everything that doesn &apos;t work in the real world , not it in real life , and we get what we need from play .
but that doesn &apos;t have to be the end .
that &apos;s the exciting .
according to 18 years , the famine was not better , so the king decided to be a last one last year .
they shared the kingdom in two camps .
they played a little bit of a sudden and the best allowed to break a epic adventure .
they left up and they made the search for a new home . they just had so many people back to the way that they were able to survive and they were able to be able to flourish .
that sounds crazy , right ?
but latest , the latest thing that the most recent thing is that the most of the time that the roman empire is going to have the same dna as the old of the old .
so scientists recently came to the notion that the crazy story actually is true .
and geologists found evidence of a global cooling , which took almost 20 years , which could explain famine .
so this crazy story could be voices .
maybe they &apos;ve been saved their people by playing 18 years for them to play in games and then learned that they were going to have the entire civilization .
so , we can also .
we &apos;ve been playing for 1994 .
that was the first one in real time in the world of the world &apos;s world . that was 16 years ago .
they were playing 18 years for the age of warcraft , we &apos;ve been playing of warcraft for 16 years .
i &apos;m going to argue we &apos;re ready for our own game game .
so , they sent half their civilization to search for a new world , so i take my 21 billion a week .
we should be able to spend that half of us have an hour with play with play , until we &apos;ve solved the problems of real world .
i know you &apos;re going to ask , &quot; how do we solve problems of real world ? &quot; and that &apos;s exactly what i have my work in the last few years .
we have this a domain in our office in palo alto , it &apos;s like we should understand the future .
we don &apos;t want to try to say the future before .
what we want is to create the future .
we want to introduce the best result , and then people to do this in reality .
we &apos;re going to make epic beating and give people the possibilities , they &apos;re going to achieve .
i &apos;ll show you a very short three games that i designed to try to get people epic into their own future .
this is &quot; world without oil . &quot;
the game is from 2007 .
it &apos;s a kind of a little bit of a sudden where you have to overcome a computer .
the most important thing is , the way that it &apos;s invented , but we have enough to do it for you , and you actually live in your real life without oil . so , if you &apos;re going to get it to the game .
we tested this game with programmable players in 2007 , and we &apos;ve accompanied them since the last three years .
and i can tell you , it was a physical experience .
nobody wants to change his life because it &apos;s good for the environment or because we should .
but if you &apos;re in a epic adventure , and you get , &quot; we &apos;re going to get oil . &quot;
that &apos;s a fascinating adventure that you &apos;re going to go .
find out how they would survive . most of our players have the game in the game .
so we have a bigger game for the next game game , higher goal than just a single single .
we &apos;ve developed the game &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the future &quot;
start the computation of a computer system that people have only been in 23 years left on the planet .
this supercomputer is called &quot; global &quot; , of course , &quot; global &quot; .
the call to player , sign , we have designed almost like a &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; a &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; a &quot;
you know jerry &apos;s , where there &apos;s the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; you have the astronauts . &quot;
but in our game , instead of just five people , we say , everybody is in the most common , and it &apos;s our job , the future , health , security and the future of social justice .
8,000 players played the game eight weeks long .
they found 500 incredibly creative solutions that you can read when they &apos;re going to google .
and the last game we get is out of march , and it &apos;s a game in collaboration with the world bank .
if you close the game , you get the award of social health bank , &quot; social &quot; , &quot; in 2010 . &quot;
we work with universities in sub-saharan africa and store , social contributions .
we have a comic comic . we have understanding the level of &quot; level &quot; for the &quot; for &quot; the &quot;
i want to invite you all to share this game with young people , everywhere in the world , especially in the world , which is benefit to their own social enterprise to save the world .
i &apos;m now coming to the end .
i want to ask you something .
what , do you think happens next ?
we have all these fantastic players , we have games that show us what we can do , but we haven &apos;t saved the real world .
well , i hope you agree with me that players are human resources that we can use to work in real life , and that games have a big meaning for change .
we have all these superpowers , the ability productivity , the ability to make close social nets , and the desire to make meaning .
i really hope that we play together in the case of play a lot of games to survive on this planet .
and i hope you &apos;re going to design with me and play with me .
if i was in the next decade , i &apos;m sure i &apos;m sure we can create each option , and that we can play all kinds of games .
so i say , let &apos;s start the most of the games .
thank you .
i &apos;d like to tell you something about what &apos;s a few months ago at writing a paper for a reminder of wired .
i always have my favorite on the writing , but i was done with the text of text , and i fell on the text of the text , and i fell on my life .
i read you the post .
&quot; disabled , &quot; , &quot; the &quot; more &quot; , &quot; the &quot; you know , helpless , useless , destroyed , uh-huh , mutilated , &quot; adventurous , &quot; a lot of , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , &quot; the &quot; more &quot; , helpless , useless , destroyed ,
and the healthy thing : healthy , strong , sensitive . &quot;
i read this list of a friend loud , and i had to laugh , it was so ridiculous , but i was just able to stop to read and collect me to the emotional and a half of the things that &apos;s called the emotional shock .
of course , this was a kind of a computer , old , old , i just thought that the copy has to be pretty old .
but in fact , it was a copy on the early &apos; 80s when i started with elementary school , and i started to build my self outside my family &apos;s sake and form in terms of the world .
and god was very much used at the time .
i would take this post seriously , i would be born in a world that someone would perceive as a person , whose life can be positive in any way . but today i &apos;m going to have been celebrated for the odds and adventure that i &apos;ve experienced .
so i immediately have the most of 2009 of 2009 , and i expect to find a difference here .
here &apos;s the most important version of this kind of thing .
unfortunately , it &apos;s not much better .
especially the last two words under the near , &quot; near &quot; and &quot; healthy . &quot;
but it &apos;s not just about the words .
it &apos;s about what we think about people that we describe with these words .
it &apos;s about the values that are in these words , and how we construct these values .
our language affects our thinking and how we see the world and people around us .
many ancient societies , including the greeks and the roman , really believed that the expansion of a computer is a big force because that &apos;s what you can do according to the humanities .
so , what do we want to do in the array of self-deception -- a disabled person or a powerful people ?
in fact , a human being to call a child , could be enough , it could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do it .
wouldn &apos;t it be beautiful to open them up doors ?
a human being opened for me , my pediatrician was on the front of the siberian institute in the world &apos;s city .
he &apos;s called dr. &apos;s favorite . a computer &apos;s name , whose name , how you can think of most americans not correct . so he was called dr. p. .
and dr. p. always wore very colorful flies and was just created for the work with kids like this .
i found the time i spent in this hospital , just great -- until my favorite .
i had to repeat a single exercise infinitely often with these big , tied to different colors -- in different colors -- you know , to build my favorite . i hated them .
and imagine , i even have a child &apos;s child to negotiate with dr. p. and trying to stop this practice , without success .
and one day he &apos;s seen me in one of my practice -- these practice were just tiring and witnesses -- and he said to me , &quot; wow , aimee , you &apos;re going to be a strong , powerful and young girl , you &apos;re going to be a one day .
and if you make it , i give you a hundred dollars . &quot;
that was just a simple trick of dr. p. , so i &apos;m doing practice that i didn &apos;t want to do with the prospect that richest five-year-old girls in the hospital was in the second floor .
and i &apos;m asking myself today , like his vision of me as a strong and powerful young girl , and i could imagine to see myself as a of nature , powerful and more powerful human .
that &apos;s just an example of many , like adults in the world &apos;s imagination , can make the imagination of a child .
but as the same examples of the world &apos;s examples of the world &apos;s eyes , our language doesn &apos;t make space , to imagine what we all would wish to see : it &apos;s every single one to see yourself .
our language is caused by social changes , which were caused in many cases of a technological change .
from the medical standpoint , you can tell that my legs , the most of the time , the most of titan , and artificial and artificial bodies for aging body , which allow you to be able to be able to be able to do your natural destiny , and you can &apos;t do it .
so maybe this technological change is clear because the ones have always been a different truth , which is that every human being can do something very much and very powerful and that the human ability to adapt to our biggest plus .
the human ability to adapt -- that &apos;s an interesting story , because people always ask me to tell you how to deal with policies and i &apos;m going to feel very uncomfortable with it .
this sentence of the way that we can do with policies is that success or happiness depends on being a challenge without being connected to it .
but the truth is that we change ourselves . of course we &apos;re making it be accurate , whether they &apos;re physically , emotionally or even both is both both .
and i &apos;m saying that it &apos;s good .
policies are not obstacle that we need to do to get better to our lives .
odds are just to our lives .
and i tend to see more distances than my shadow .
sometimes i realize that he &apos;s very present , sometimes he &apos;s not to see , but he &apos;s constantly at me .
and i don &apos;t want to do that with the impact or the heavy of the world &apos;s disease .
there are policies in life and challenges , and they &apos;re just the real real and every person &apos;s going to be different . but the question is not whether we &apos;re going to come to respond to disabled .
so we &apos;re not just responsible for that , to preserve people we love to preserve , but they &apos;re also going to prepare to get good .
and we &apos;re not going to be able to do our children if we give them the feeling that they can &apos;t adapt .
you have to separate two things : to be the medical fact , and the other social opinion is about whether i &apos;m disabled or not .
and to be honest , the only real and more important disability that i had to put apart with is that the world is constantly thinking , you can describe me with these definitions .
in our wish , people who are to protect us the heart and they &apos;re the cold , hard truth about their medical life or even a prediction of life that they expect to look at .
maybe the process is the process of the process that &apos;s just looking at what &apos;s going on in a broken , and how we fix that , for every single disability than the cars .
if we don &apos;t treat a human being , and not all its forces and opportunities , we create the natural struggle that you might have to lead .
we &apos;re going to be a human being , which has a value for our society .
so we have to look at the most important thing , and we &apos;re going to focus on all the area of human possibilities .
most importantly , it &apos;s between the perception of our brainwaves and our great favorite system , a connection .
we should not shave these challenging times or deny , we should not try to avoid them , we should go back to the carpet , but it &apos;s about to see opportunities .
it may be more likely to ask me to make sure that we don &apos;t necessarily have to overcome pathogens , but we &apos;re open to it , they &apos;re going to focus on the most powerful to build a more and maybe dancing .
and maybe we &apos;re going to do it , more disabled than something natural , coherent and useful and feel so much through their presence .
in this year , we celebrate 200 . birthday of charles darwin and when he wrote about evolution , darwin has written , in my eyes , on something very true in the human character .
i would be so clever : not the most powerful of his kind , and not the most powerful of its kind , but the ones that can adapt to changes is the best .
from conflict , creativity is coming .
not only from darwin &apos;s work , we know that the ability of people , to survive and the fight , is determined by the fight of human mind .
so again , change and adaptation are the greatest skills of people .
and maybe we know what wood is cut up when we &apos;re really tested .
maybe that &apos;s the sense of pathogens , a perception of the one of the things that we have , a sense of our own force .
we can give ourselves something like this .
we can give policies a new meaning that goes out of severe times .
maybe we can see policies as change .
odds are for a change that we haven &apos;t adapted to .
i think the biggest damage we &apos;ve done is to believe that we should be normal .
even though , who is normal ?
there &apos;s no normal .
there &apos;s the usual . the typical thing . but not the normal thing . and wouldn &apos;t you really know that poor , gray person , if it really gave you ?
i think more .
it would be great if we &apos;re going to be this paradigm of the normal against another one of the possibilities or the strength to even make it a little bit dangerous .
and the most powerful thing is that we &apos;ve found people from members of our society , and to be useful and to afford a contribution .
there &apos;s evidence that the neanderthals have older people , and people with heavy physical injuries have been carried and that may be done because the life experience was valuable in the world &apos;s life .
they don &apos;t have these people as broken and useless ; they were treated as something special and valuable .
a few years ago , i went to the city where i grew up in a new way in which i was in the red zone in the northeast of pennsylvania , and i was there a lot of a sudden .
it was summer and i had a little bit of time .
and i hear how a guy says behind me , &quot; well , if that &apos;s not aimee mullins . &quot;
and i &apos;m going to move around and see this older man . i had no idea who he is .
and i said , &quot; sorry , sir , we know ? i can &apos;t remember them . &quot;
and he said , &quot; well , you &apos;re barely going to remember me .
when i first saw them , i brought them out of the belly of her mother . &quot;
oh , so that .
and of course , it has done the click .
that was dr. , a man i knew just from narratives of my mother &apos;s day , because i was , of course , to my birthday .
the doctor for the ted convention of my mother was in vacation , and so my parents knew the man who brought me to the world , not .
and because i was born without a computer , and my feet had been looking for them and i just had some toes on this and a few toes on the other foot .
he said to me , &quot; i had to say your parents , you would never walk , and never would be so flexible as other kids or you could never lead to a independent life . &quot;
really extraordinary , i found that he &apos;s collected my entire childhood , whether i had won in a second class in the second grade , whether i was to the street .
and he called this part of his course , the x factor , the potential of human willing .
you can &apos;t emphasize enough , like the key of these factor for the quality of life .
and dr. &apos;s left on , he said , &quot; i learned that children , if they don &apos;t get anything else , and even if they get a little support , children can achieve a lot . &quot;
see , dr. &apos;s thinking has changed his thinking .
he had understood that the medical diagnosis , and how somebody deal with it , are two different things .
and i think i &apos;ve changed my thinking in the course of time when they asked me in age 15 years old , if i had my prostheses against legs and bones , i would have no second .
i wanted to be honest at the time .
if you ask me that today , i &apos;m not sure .
and that &apos;s what happens because i &apos;ve experienced something with my legs and not despite this experience .
and maybe this change could happen , because i &apos;ve met so many people who have opened me down , instead of swimming people , instead of making me a sense of a sense of the world .
look , it really takes a human being , which is shown you , how you can refuse to ruin your forces , and you &apos;re through .
if you allow someone to activate your own , inner forces , the human mind is so much as a result -- if you do that , you &apos;re a very good teacher .
they bring them to the doors to open doors .
the real meaning of the word &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot;
it means something that is producing something that is in a , that &apos;s the potential .
again , what potential do we want to do ?
in the &apos; 60s , in britain , a case of case was done for case , and then the most beautiful thing was transformed in the &apos; 60s .
they call this &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot;
the students are divided to notes .
and the one student will be tested harder , getting the better teachers .
they then have a friend of students with a &quot; enough &quot; the note &quot; very good . it was told to you , they &apos;re very smart .
and of course , it breaks to a heart that the site was told the most important thing , they &apos;re just enough .
and it was also after the three months .
but only those who were still in school -- except from the students who were dreaming with school .
very critical at this study was that the teachers were not going to be .
the teachers didn &apos;t know that something was changed .
you just said that be the students and that are the students with the note enough , and they taught them something and they treated them .
the only reason is a broken mind , a mind that was broken , has no hope . he doesn &apos;t find anything more .
but if we do it , the human mind is going to continue to hope , to hope and other people around themselves , and then we &apos;re going to put our forces really positive .
if a mind has a mind about these qualities , we can create a new reality and new .
i want to end with a poem that was written by a persian poet called the 14th poet , and i told my friend jacques , and the poem is called &quot; the god , &quot; not the god of the name , but the god who knows only four words . &quot;
come on , dance with me . thank you .
how would you want to be better than you &apos;re right now ?
suppose i said that , through a few changes of their genes , a better memory could have -- more precise , more specifically , faster .
or you want to be more powerful , stronger , more force .
do you want to be more attractive and more ?
how would it be to live longer in good health ?
or maybe they &apos;re one of those who are always lying for more creativity .
what would you like to do most ?
what would you like to have if you could just have one ?
creativity .
how many people would be africans ?
raise your hands . let me see .
a few . probably about so many as it &apos;s creative people here .
that &apos;s very good .
how many would you choose to choose for a good memory ?
a few more .
how about fitness ?
a few less .
what about longevity ?
ah , the majority . i like to do the doctor .
if you could only have one of them , it would be a very different world .
is that all the planetary ?
or is it possible ?
evolution is a scourge topic here on ted conference , but today i want to give you the view of a doctor &apos;s issue .
the great geneticists in the 20th century , the most powerful , the most of a sudden in the russian incubator , once was a paper , wrote a paper , &quot; nothing in biology . &quot;
now , if you &apos;re one of those who don &apos;t accept evidence for biological evolution , this would be a very good time , you take your personal and you can take a look at the permission .
but if you accept biological evolution , you think about this : is it just about the past , or is it about the future ?
is it for other people &apos;s disease or it &apos;s also us ?
this is another view of life .
in this picture , i have a bush as a center of the branches in all directions , because if you look at the edges of life , all the existing species of these branches have been in evolutionary terms .
the human part of this is the most beautiful , far at the end , of course , which is what we &apos;re interested in most .
we &apos;re acting from a shared ancestor to modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
in this period , maybe 20 or 25 different species of hominids .
some are coming and went .
we &apos;ve been here for about a year .
it seems like we &apos;re right from the other parts of the tree of life , but actually , the basic mechanisms are our cells quite equal to the same .
is you clear that we can use it to use and the mechanisms of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human being , which is used to treat the world &apos;s energy ?
this is not like a way of the way that it &apos;s the same protein that &apos;s the same protein of what &apos;s coming from the pancreas .
and that &apos;s where we talk about bacteria , is aware of that every one of us in our gut is more bacteria than it leads cells to the rest of our body ?
maybe 10 times .
i mean , do you think if antonio damasio asks her self , you think about the bacteria ?
our gut is a wonderful environment for these bacteria .
it &apos;s warm , it &apos;s dark , it &apos;s a little bit of it , it &apos;s very comfortable .
and you &apos;re going to all give you nutrients that you could just offer without effort .
it &apos;s really a easier way to make bacteria , with 1,300 , forced to the honor of unintended , and it &apos;s forced to the end .
but otherwise , they &apos;re a wonderful environment for these bacteria , as they &apos;re important for their lives .
they help the adapt of nutrients , and they protect them against certain diseases .
but what will come in the future ?
are we in a kind of evolutionary balance in a species of a species ?
or are we determined to become something else -- something that might even be adapted to the environment ?
now , let &apos;s go back to the big bang of 14 trillion years ago -- the earth , the solar system , about four billion years ago -- the first signs of these creatures , maybe three to four billion years ago .
in this huge unfinished symphony of the universe , life is just a minute of the earth , just a little bit of the animal kingdom , and the animal kingdom , like a single screenshot .
we were .
this is also the most important thing that &apos;s about the speech of this talk , so i hope , d is like it &apos;s like it .
now , when i was a building on college , i had my first favorite job .
i was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology .
i fell in love with the power of evolution , and i asked something very fundamental : most of the existence of life in the most common organisms , every cell , and all the genetic information of the cell is going to be led .
but at the time , when the organisms came up , things started to change .
sexual reproduction is going to be in the picture .
and very important , with the introduction of sexual reproduction that are going to be able to capture the genome , the rest of the body is going to be the rest of the body .
in fact , you could say that the most of the death of death of our body is happening in the same moment as the sexual reproduction .
now i have to say , if i was a little bit of a sudden , i thought , okay , sex / death , sex / death , it seemed pretty reasonable to the moment , but with every year , it &apos;s been a very reasonable thing to do .
i &apos;ve come to understand the feelings of george burns , who read his show in las vegas , in las vegas .
and one night , there &apos;s a pat on his own .
he opens the door .
he &apos;s a beautiful north of his own front of a north .
she looks at him and says , &quot; i &apos;m here for a little bit of the time . &quot;
&quot; that &apos;s wonderful , &quot; george , &quot; i &apos;m going to take the soup . &quot;
i came to the realization as a doctor that i was a goal that was different than the goal of evolution -- not necessarily the same , just different .
i tried to keep the body .
i wanted to hold healthy .
i wanted to put the health for a disease .
i wanted to get a long and healthy life .
evolution is all about the analytical of the genome on the next generation , adaptation and survival for generation .
from a evolutionary standpoint , they &apos;re and i &apos;ve developed rockets to send the genetic of the genetic and the next stage to the sea .
i think we would all understand the mood that brought the terrace all the way to the expression of all the expression .
i want to do it by dying . &quot;
evolution doesn &apos;t necessarily mean the longest life .
it doesn &apos;t necessarily be the largest , the most powerful or the fastest , and not even the smartest .
evolution is the creatures that are best to adapt to their environment .
it &apos;s just the test of survival and success .
on the bottom of the ocean , bacteria are there , and they &apos;re going to survive the hot steam , and they would survive the hot steam , if fish were there , they would have a self-organizing environment for themselves .
so , what does that mean when we look back at the back of what happens in evolution , and how we think about the place of people in evolution , and especially like we &apos;re going to move forward to the next phase .
the first is that we &apos;re not going to move ourselves .
we &apos;ve reached a kind of balance .
and the reasons for that would be that it &apos;s not us through medicine , and to get a lot of genes that would be otherwise the most likely and made out of the population .
and secondly , we have a species of our environment so that we &apos;ve done it , that they &apos;re going to adapt to us and we adapt to them .
and by the way , we go and extend and mix us so much that they can &apos;t say that isolation is necessary for evolution to be the evolution of the way .
a second possibility is that it &apos;s going to be a evolution of traditional ways , of course , imposed by the forces of nature .
and the argument , here would be that the wheels of evolution is slowly reduced but they &apos;re down .
and so far the isolation is going to be when we &apos;re going to reach a species of planets , it will be the end and the changes of the environment that could produce evolution in natural ways .
but there &apos;s a third opportunity , a compelling , fascinating and terrifying possibility .
i call it a little bit of the time -- the new development that doesn &apos;t just matter , but led and decided to be a more than a more than a little bit of the decisions that we do .
now , how could that happen ?
how could it be possible that we do this ?
let &apos;s first look at the reality that people today are making decisions about their offspring .
they &apos;re , in some cultures that choice , to have more men than women .
it &apos;s not necessarily good for society , but it &apos;s what the individual and the family is deciding .
so think about , if it wasn &apos;t just possible , the gender of your child is to choose but to make genetic adaptations , which would cure disease and prevent the disease .
what if you could make the genetic changes to get diabetes or alzheimer &apos;s or reduce the risk of the blood or solitude ?
would you not want to do it , to make these changes in your genes ?
if we &apos;re going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be more likely to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be .
the human genome project started in 1990 and it took 13 years .
it cost an outpatient billion dollars .
in the next year , when it was done in 2004 , they could do the same thing for 20 million dollars in the world &apos;s own way .
today , you can have a sequence of three billion base base base base of the human genome to a price of about $ 20,000 and in the room of about a week .
it &apos;s not going to take more long , until the reality will be , that there will be 1,000 dollars of human genomes , and it &apos;s increasingly available for everybody .
a week ago , the national academy of engineering gave the most the prize for francis arnold and the most recent prize , two scientists that are failing to work in the natural process of evolution .
a few years ago , the most of the time was given the scientist to the scientist , and he was given a adult , a adult , and through the manipulation of only four genes that are the cell to return to a downtown cell cell .
these changes are in the come .
the same technology that can produce human insulin in bacteria is viruses that don &apos;t just have protection , but also to serve the immunity against other viruses .
whether you believe it or not , it &apos;s a experimental study in the gang with immunization against influenza that have been grown into the cells of a brain .
can you imagine something good that comes from tobacco ?
this is all reality today , and in the future , it &apos;s going to be much more possible .
imagine just two other little changes .
you can change the cells in your body , but what if you could change the cells of your descendants ?
what if you could change the sperm and the water , or the fresh egg , to give your children a better chance to give you a better chance of life -- can reduce diabetes , the risk of cancer ?
who don &apos;t want to be healthier ?
and then the analytical technology , the same engine of science , can allow the changes to prevent disease , could allow us to keep a lot of memory , and the better memory .
why don &apos;t the most of a ken beat a ken shermer , especially if you can expand it with the next generation of the world &apos;s next generation ?
why not have the fast of the fast , which is going to allow you to walk faster and longer ?
why not live longer ?
these are going to be a lot of these .
and if we &apos;re at a place where we can pass it on the next generation , we can adopt the attributes of the attributes that we want to be transformed from the evolution of evolution .
we &apos;re going to have a process that requires 100,000 years , and we can be able to be a thousand years of turning it up .
these are decisions with those people , or their grandchildren , to deal with .
do we use these decisions to form a society that is better , which is more efficient ?
or will we encourage different attributes to choose that we want to have some of us and not for other people ?
will we form a society , and is we going to be a society , or more robust and educated ?
these are the kinds of questions that we need to meet .
and the deepest of all , we will ever be able to develop the wisdom , and the wisdom is master , which we need to make to make these decisions ?
in good ways , in the bad , and it used to be used as you might think of these decisions .
thank you .
i want you to imagine something that gives you a portable robot , which gives you a different way of being able to stand up and go to the other .
we call this robot in berkeley .
they &apos;re not anything else that they put in the morning and gives them extra strength and increase their speed and they &apos;re going to help them to keep their balance .
that &apos;s actually the real one of the things that are the real flash of human and machine .
but not only that -- so that &apos;s what they &apos;re doing with the universe and other devices out there .
that &apos;s not just a crazy idea .
now to show you what we &apos;re working on , we start talking about the american soldiers who carry in average in average , and it &apos;s the request that they should carry more equipment .
of course , this leads to some major complications -- the most important , 30 percent of it -- chronic .
so we thought we would take this challenge and create a more a bit of a sudden that would help deal with this problem .
so let me introduce you to a little bit of the time -- or the human universal , very precise .
soldier : with the most of the way i can wear 200 pounds about the terrain , many hours .
his flexible design allows it to be deep to foreign panels , to vary and highly agile movements .
it feels what i want to do , where i want to go and then increase my strength and resilience .
we &apos;re so far , with our favorite system , this device , this new kind of thing in this year .
so it &apos;s true .
now let &apos;s take our view of the building phone , something that i &apos;m particularly passionate about .
there are 68 million people who are estimated in the wheelchair in the wheelchair .
this is about a percent of the population .
and that &apos;s actually a conservative estimate .
we often talk about very young people with spinal cord , which is in the u.s. sea of their lives -- 20s , &apos; 40s , &apos; 40s -- from the fate and the wheelchair is the only option .
but it &apos;s also about aging population , whose number of numbers .
and so pretty much the only option -- if it comes to a computer , or to be different complications -- is the wheelchair .
and so it &apos;s been for 500 years , by the way , for its , as i have to say , very successful introduction .
so we thought we could start writing a completely new chapter in mobility .
now let me introduce you to a little bit of the time , which is carried by amanda , which is a spinal cord , which has suffered a spinal cord , which has been a result that she couldn &apos;t walk for 19 years and now .
thank you .
as i said , amanda carries our favorite .
it has sensors -- it has sensors .
his completely favorite sensors in crutches , the signals are going to be able to be able to be able to be in our back .
here are also the most important thing that &apos;s the most powerful thing to do is , as you can move forward , the way you move forward in this pretty much and very natural patch .
i was 24 years old , and i was in the world &apos;s , as a computer &apos;s favorite , a little bit of a sudden .
in a fraction of a second , i lost every sense and every movement below my favorite .
not long after that step , a doctor in my hospital and he said , &quot; amanda , you can never go back . &quot;
and that was 19 years ago .
he &apos;s steel every single hope of my consciousness .
neural technologies have been able to learn to me since they were going to go , to climb , to climb and drive even with the hands .
but nothing was invented to me again , which would go back to me .
thank you .
as you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to make us and discuss them .
it &apos;s in our hands and we have the whole potential to change the life of future generations -- not just for the soldiers , or for amanda here and all the national phone , but for all .
thank you .
at home in new york , i &apos;m the head of a nonprofit organization called robin shack .
if i don &apos;t get the poverty , i &apos;m going to be a more like a of a computer &apos;s disease at a volunteer of a volunteer .
now , in our city , in the volunteers , they have to be supported a little bit of a early time , you have to be pretty early to the most early thing to do .
i remember my first fire .
i was the second volunteers on the most of the time , so i had a good opportunity to live in .
but it was still a race against the other volunteers to reach the adoption and find out what our tasks would be .
when i found the most serious , he had just been in a very serious conversation with the most serious conversation of their life .
it was in the middle of the night and she stood in the metropolitan and barefoot under a screen outside in the stream of the rain .
the other volunteers , the one who was just arrived at me -- we call it the name of the name of the first volunteer -- the first one was going to get the first and was asked to save the dog &apos;s dog .
the dog ! i was a very supportive .
there was some lawyer or a lawyer who was now able to tell people that he went to a house house to save a living house , just because he was five seconds faster than i was .
well , i was the next .
the most of the time i &apos;m going to do it .
he said , &quot; bezos , she &apos;s got to go to the house .
you have to go up to the top , where fire is over , and you have to get a few shoes . &quot;
i swear it .
well , not exactly what i hoped i was hoping , but i went up -- the stairs up , the hallway , the hallway , over the real &quot; the real &quot; is going to be done in the bedroom .
i know what you &apos;re thinking about now , but i &apos;m not a hero .
i was wearing my prey back to the bottom , where i met my favorite and the beloved dog .
we put our guess out of the outside of the world , where , not surprising , his much more attention than my .
some weeks later , the most of the time , the most of the time , the letter was a letter of the most of the time that she &apos;s going to be in the rescue of your house .
one about everything is defined by kindness : somebody had a few shoes .
both in my profession at robin shack , as well as in my favorite , i &apos;m witness by generosity and kindness in the big scale , but i also see the ministry of charity and the most of the individual .
and you know what i learned ?
they &apos;re all important .
so if i look at this room in this room , and people see that either has a success success or on their way , i want to offer memory .
don &apos;t wait to make a difference in a different life of another , until they &apos;ve reached their first million .
if you have something to give you , you give it now .
use them in a computer system , rooms in the neighborhood , they &apos;re going to be a park .
be a mentor .
not everybody &apos;s every day will offer us a chance to save life of a human , but every day we put the opportunity to change one .
so they put them ; they save the shoes .
thank you .
bruno : mark , mark , come back .
thank you .
i just come back from a community that knows the secret of humanity &apos;s secret .
a place where women lead the most powerful , with sex , &quot; hello , &quot; and the game is determined -- where fun is a serious issue .
and no , it &apos;s not a lot of the time you or san francisco .
ladies and gentlemen , their familiarity .
this is the world of wild bonobos in the jungle of congo .
bonobos are together with chimpanzees with chimpanzees with our next living relatives .
that means we have a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , which lived about six million years ago .
well , chimpanzees are known for their own .
but unfortunately , we have this aspect of the narrative in the narrative of human evolution .
but bonobos show us the other side of the pacemaker .
while chimpanzees of large , fear of the ants are led to the most of the time , the most of the time is led to the human females .
they really have what came up with , because that leads to a very large society , in the deadly violence , not been observed .
but unfortunately , bonobos are least known under the primates .
they live in the deep of the tncs , and they &apos;re just hard to make it hard .
the congo is a paradox -- a country extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the darkness of the darkness , which has been a violent argument for decades .
it didn &apos;t surprise that these destruction are also going to survive the survival of bonobos .
and the decline of the world &apos;s and the decline of the world &apos;s disease is that you could not even fill a stadium with the remaining bonobos -- and even there we are not sure to be honest .
and yet , in this country of violence and chaos , you can hear a little laugh that the trees are upset .
who are these relatives ?
we know them as &quot; love instead of war , &quot; because they have a fool , also sex , with the partners , and rules like conflict and social .
i &apos;m not saying that would be the answer to all humanitarian problems -- because life is more than the vague of bonobos .
bonobos -- how people -- love to play their lives long .
play doesn &apos;t just mean it .
for us and they &apos;re fundamental for the attachment of relationships and care of tolerance .
we learn to learn and the rules of the game .
play is the creativity and resilience , and it &apos;s about the production of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
and if you observe bonobos in the game , you see the evolutionary origins of human being , dance and rituals .
play is the most important thing that we &apos;re doing .
well , i don &apos;t know how they play , but i want to show you some unique footage of the wild .
first of all , a little bit of a sudden on the ground -- and i don &apos;t think about football .
so here we see a young female and males in a computer .
look at what it does .
that could be the evolutionary origin : &quot; she puts it on the eggs . &quot;
just that i think it &apos;s like it , right .
yes !
so , the most common thing is , both of bonobos as well as people .
and this video is really interesting because it shows -- and this video is really interesting , because it shows the other elements of the game .
but the game is a kind of a computer .
play is a little bit of a sudden and it can take a lot of forms , which some of you are quiet , and you &apos;re curious , curious -- maybe to discover the surprise again .
and i want to show you , that &apos;s a little bit of a young female , and she plays peaceful with water .
i think exactly how they play play sometimes , and we &apos;re going to be the limits of our inner and outer worlds .
and it &apos;s this playful curiosity that makes us research , and interact with it , and the unexpected turtle that we form are the real chiefs of creativity .
this is just a little taste on the insights that bonobos are giving us in our past and present .
but they also have a secret for our future , a future where we need to adapt to increasing challenges , through larger creativity and the most important cooperation .
the secret is that the game of the key to these skills is .
with other words , play is our favorite .
to adapt to us , we have to adapt to a world &apos;s world .
but will we do the best from our own .
play is not silly .
but essential .
for bonobos and people equally , life is not from teeth and claws alone .
just if it seems to be hardly appropriate , maybe play on the most .
and so , my favorite , let &apos;s hug this gift of evolution and play together , while we &apos;re the creativity of the world and the wonder .
thank you .
i want you to imagine two couples , in the middle 1979 , right now , in the same moment , every one of them -- okay .
so two couples , every one of them .
now i don &apos;t want you to use a lot of time to imagine the progression of the sink , because if you &apos;re going to imagine the experimenter , you &apos;re not going to listen to me .
imagine just a moment ago .
and in this scenario , they &apos;re going to ask that in a case , the sperm is wearing an y that &apos;s true on the x chromosome .
and in the other case , the sperm is wearing an x chromosome that hits the x chromosome .
both are the most powerful , both fire .
we &apos;re still coming back to these people .
most of my activities have two minds .
under a hat , i &apos;m going to be with the story of anatomy .
i &apos;m a studied , and i study , in this case , i study how people thought with anatomy -- that human body , animal bodies -- how they thought about body .
the other hat i carried at my work is the activist , as a little bit of a sudden -- or , as i say , as a maker lawyer -- from people who are patients .
in this case , i &apos;ve worked with people who have the social norms , asking social norms in question .
so , i &apos;ve worked with people who are the most powerful twins , two people in a body .
i &apos;ve worked with people with a lot of people -- so people who were smaller than usual .
and very often i &apos;ve worked with the most often people whose gender is -- so people who have not the average male or female .
and as general term , we can use the word of the word .
and the most of the different forms of life comes .
i just give you a few examples of the possible guy who &apos;s not the male or female standard .
in a case , you may have somebody with a computer &apos;s favorite , and the most important gene of the y leaves the most important gene that we have all the time to include testicles .
and so the testicles are going to be testosterone in the stage .
but because this individual the receptors are missing to see testosterone , not to respond to the body .
and that &apos;s called the most of you .
so much testosterone , but no reaction to it .
as a consequence , the body is more than the typical female &apos;s body .
if the child is born , she looks like a girl .
it &apos;s a girl . she &apos;s raised as a girl .
but it &apos;s mostly going to take puberty and grow their breasts and grow their breasts , but they don &apos;t get their period to get something else .
and they do a few tests and they find out that instead of a little bit of the time , they &apos;re actually wearing the testes and the uterus , they &apos;re actually wearing a y chromosome .
it &apos;s important to understand that you could hold this person for actually male , but that &apos;s not really .
women , like men , have something called something that is called the world &apos;s .
they &apos;re in the back part of our body .
and the most of the time we put the characteristic of the ocean , which are the most important hormones .
most women , as i -- i think , i think , i think , a typical woman -- i don &apos;t know my actual favorite , but i think i probably have the typical -- most women like me speak .
we produce the most important and we &apos;re talking to a ride .
the consequence is that someone like me actually have a brain that was exposed to the fact that more of the time was born , when a woman was born with testicles , and a computer &apos;s got .
so gender is really complicated ; they &apos;re not just in the middle of the spectrum of gender -- in a sense , you can be distributed over the range of bandwidth , you can be distributed over the range .
another example : a few years ago , i got the call of a 19 man who was born as a boy , when young raised , he had a friend , and he had just found that he had a weekly and a uterus .
he had an extreme form of an iranian form of an ecologist .
he has a chromosome , and he &apos;s in the womb , and they were so active that they have a male , which is essentially a male .
and as a consequence , his heterosexual male was exposed to his brain , his brain was exposed to the most of the time .
and when he was born , he saw a boy -- nobody named something .
and only as he was 19 years old , he got enough medical problems , actually , because he &apos;s going to get inside the inside of the doctors that the doctors found that he was in the inside .
okay , just a quick example of a variation of a variation .
some people with the chromosomes , they develop something called the most powerful , which is the most important thing of the world &apos;s disease .
we don &apos;t know exactly why that happens .
so gender can occur in many different varieties .
the reason why kids with this kind of body -- it &apos;s a lot of the time , or a foreign twins , it &apos;s a lot of the norm that are often adapted to the norm , not because this is for your physical health of advantage .
in many cases , these people are completely healthy .
the reason why they &apos;re often done differently is because they threaten our social categories .
typically , our system is based on the idea that a certain sign of a certain kind of identity is a certain identity .
so we have the concept that a woman is going to be a female identity ; a black person is going to be , is going to be able to have an african anatomy in terms of the own story .
so we have this awful simplistic idea .
and if we &apos;re faced with a body that is actually something very different , it &apos;s confused in terms of these things .
so we have a lot of romantic ideas in our culture .
and our nation is really based on a very romantic concept of non-visual excellence .
now you can imagine how amazing it is , if children are born , the two people are in a body .
where i had most excited most of the excitement , the south african was the south of the last year , whose gender was asked to be asked in berlin .
many journalists call me the question : &quot; what test will you do , who tells us if you &apos;re a female female or male ? &quot;
and i had to explain the journalists that there &apos;s no time there .
we know that gender is complicated enough that we need to admit that nature is not a line between male and female , and the male and female and female and female and a female and a female and a female and a female and a female and a female and a female and a female and a female and a female .
so we have a situation where , the further one is accelerating our science , we need to be able to do that more often that these categories that we had for stable categories , which is very simple to create a lot of little little little little more productive than we suppose .
and that &apos;s not just in terms of gender .
it &apos;s also true in race , which turns out to be a lot more complicated than our favorite .
we &apos;re in our starting , in all kinds of things , in all kinds of things .
we &apos;re running on the fact that we have at least 95 percent of our dna with chimpanzees .
what should we start with the fact that we just differ through a few distant points ?
while we continue to move our science further , we get increasingly in a zone of the gate where we have to recognize that the most simple categories we had probably too simple .
we see that in all kinds of human life .
one of the areas we see is the most of the areas that we see in our culture today , in our culture , are the fight over the beginning and the end of life .
we have hard conversations about what point is going to be a body to people , so he &apos;s a different way of the emperor of life .
we have very difficult conversations today -- maybe not as public as medicine -- about the question , when someone is dead .
our ancestors used to never fight the question as hard as someone was dead .
they &apos;ve been given somebody to the nose , and they didn &apos;t have to bury them yet .
if you don &apos;t move anymore , you &apos;ve buried them .
but today we &apos;re in a situation where we take people vital organs and they want to put them in other people .
and as a result , we &apos;re going to be the fight with the really difficult question , when someone is dead . and that brings us into a really difficult situation that we don &apos;t have anymore .
now you could think that the whole crash would be somebody like me really happy .
i &apos;m politically politically intimate , i &apos;m going to be able to get people with unusual bodies , but i have to admit it &apos;s going to be nervous .
to understand that these categories are really much more insecure than we thought , i think .
and it makes me a fool in terms of democracy .
so to tell you about this tension , i have to sing that i &apos;m a big fan of the fathers .
i know they were a lot of the time , i know they were a lot of the time , but they were great .
i think they were so much so much , and so radically , which they did , i &apos;m all going to look at the most years of the world &apos;s time , and it &apos;s not because of the music that &apos;s absolutely forgotten .
it &apos;s because of what &apos;s going on with the most of what &apos;s going on .
the fathers were from my view of my view , and that &apos;s why it &apos;s so .
what they were doing was a concept of a concept , and they were doing it through another , which was radically and beautiful , and 200 years for us .
as you remember all , our fathers are going to be the concept of the monarchy , and the monarchy is working in the bottom of a very crowded concept of anatomy .
the empirical world had no concept based on dna , but they had a concept of the most of the time .
they had a concept of blue blood .
they were the notion that people who had political power , they should have this political power , because of the grandfather &apos;s grandfather &apos;s father and so on .
the fathers are holding this idea back and they decided to get them through a new concept of concept , and this concept said that all people were creating the other people in the same way .
they &apos;re going to be the field of the field and decided that culturally saw the common thing , not the differences . and that was very radical .
now they did that , because they were part of a system of a system , in which two things were in common .
democracy grew up , but the same time grew up , science grew up .
if you look at the story of the fathers , clearly , many of you were interested in science , and they were interested in a concept of a world &apos;s world .
they went away from explanations , and they went to the way that a aerodynamic concept of power , back , where the transmission are based on a very small concept of autism .
they moved to a computer concept .
and if you look at the independence of the independence , you talk about nature and the god of nature .
they don &apos;t talk about god and nature .
they talk about power of nature to say who we are .
and as part of it , they managed to be a concept that was made by path .
and so they have really prepared the future of the future rights rights .
they didn &apos;t think they &apos;ve thought about it , but what they did for us was great .
so what happened to me ?
for example , women used to go to the right , the concept of the fathers , that says that the hundred is more important than the gang , and said , &quot; we have a uterus and the payload . &quot;
and women are looking at the successful .
next , the successful civil rights rights , where we saw people like a little bit of the time , &quot; am i not a woman ? &quot;
we find men in the most difficult rows of the world &apos;s , saying , &quot; i &apos;m a man . &quot;
again , people different skin color , which are professions on the giant common way , differences , are successful .
we see the same thing in the world &apos;s same .
of course , the problem is that , and we start looking at all the common common , we need to start to ask in question why we sustain certain tentacles .
well , mind , i want to sustain certain tentacles , and see , in our culture .
i don &apos;t want to give you a fish for example , for example , the same right as a human .
i don &apos;t want to say that we should take from the anatomy .
i don &apos;t want to say that five boys should have the right , to spend their informed consent or marry .
so there are some of the loops of the lawn that make sense for me , and we think i should keep .
but the challenge is to figure out what it is and why we keep them , and whether they &apos;re a sense .
so let &apos;s get back to these two creatures the beginning of the talk .
we have two creatures , both the middle 1979 at the same time .
let &apos;s imagine that one of them , maria , three months of the day was born , so she &apos;s born at june 1980 .
henry , on the other side , is born to the most , born , so he &apos;s born at march 1 .
just because of the fact that maria 3 months was born , they all get kinds of rights three months ago -- the right sex , to choose the right .
henry has to wait for all this , not because he actually has another biological age , just because of the most of his birth of his birth .
we &apos;re still finding other tentacles on what their rights are .
henry , because you think he &apos;s male -- although i didn &apos;t say he &apos;s the mit with the most of the time -- you think he &apos;s going to be male , he can be moved .
maria is not in all states , the same thing , the henry in all states , and that &apos;s the right to marry .
henry can marry a woman , but maria can only marry a woman &apos;s wife .
so we have these permanent levels of categories that are problematic in many ways and palestinians .
and for me , the question is : what are we going to do , because our science is doing these progress in the field of anatomy that we have to admit that democracy is based on anatomy ?
i don &apos;t want to give science to science , but at the same time , it &apos;s sometimes like the science makes it work .
so where do we go ?
it seems like our culture is a pragmatic posture : &quot; good , we need to pull somewhere into a line , so we &apos;re going to pull them somewhere . &quot;
but a lot of people passed out in a very strange position .
so for example , texas decided to marry a point that means to marry a man that you don &apos;t have y , and you know , to marry a woman , you have a y chromosome .
now in practice , people are not working on their chromosome .
but it &apos;s also very bizarre because of the story i told you about the most about the most of the time .
if we look at one of the fathers of modern democracy , dr. martin luther king , he offers us in his &quot; i &apos;m talking a dream . &quot;
he says we should not say , &quot; your skin color , but after the property of your character , &quot; and it &apos;s about anatomy .
and i want to say , &quot; yes , that sounds like a really good idea . &quot;
but how do you do that in practice ?
how do you judge people because of their characters ?
i want to point out that i &apos;m not sure we should distribute right in terms of people because i have to admit that i know a series of golden , which i know .
i want to be able to know that i probably know some light , the most more intelligent , more intelligent and more unequal decisions to meet their sexual relationships than some of the things i know .
so how do we get the question to the properties of the character ?
it turns out it &apos;s really difficult .
and part of me ask , what if the content would be something that would be in the future -- made by fmri visible ?
do we really want to go into this direction ?
i &apos;m not sure where we go .
what i know is that it seems to be really important to think about the idea that the united states is going to be able to make the question of democracy .
in our mindset , we &apos;ve done our thing right now , and i think we would make our thing good in the future .
we don &apos;t have the situation , as it &apos;s in iran , where a man who feels sexually to other men is being drawn to death , because he &apos;s ready to put a life .
conditions of this kind of way exist in us .
i &apos;m glad to say that we don &apos;t have these conditions -- a surgeon i talked about a few years ago , which had a few of the things that had a few of them to separate .
but when i was with him , and he asked him why he made these surgeries -- it was high surgeries -- his answer was that in his country , these kids would be treated very bad , and therefore he had to do it .
i said , &quot; well , did you have political fluorescent fluorescent , &quot; i said , &quot; well , you &apos;ve moved to a career to separate them ? &quot;
the united states offer incredible possibilities , people to allow them to be without changing the state of the state .
so i think we have to be leaders .
well , just to finish , i want to notice that i &apos;ve talked a lot about the fathers .
and i want to think about the possibilities as democracy could look like , or looked at the mothers , if we had more involved .
and i want to say something that is radical , and i think there could be different kinds of insights that are going to be used by different kinds of insights that are going to be used by different kinds of anatomy .
since years , because i was interested in the most important , i &apos;ve been interested in research in the area of the most of the time .
and one of the things i really found is the difference between men and women in terms of how they think and in the world .
what we &apos;ve learned from the world &apos;s studies is that women , in average -- not every one , but in average -- more complex social relationships and care of people who are vulnerable to the group .
and so , if we think about it , we have an interesting situation .
years ago , when i did a graduate student , i asked myself to mine my graduate school , who knew my interest was a feminist , so i looked at it as a feminist question .
he said , &quot; tell me what &apos;s the feminism female . &quot;
and i thought , &quot; well , that &apos;s the key question i &apos;ve ever heard .
feminism is about stereotypes about gender , so feminism is nothing female .
but the more i thought about his question to thought that there could be something female in feminism .
that &apos;s what you should do , it could give you something , in average , which is female brains of male different things , and it &apos;s a little bit of a little bit of time to worry about the most of the time .
so where the fathers were extremely clear to figure out how individuals could be protected before the state of the state , it &apos;s possible that if we &apos;re more mothers in this concept , we &apos;re not just like to protect , but how we can worry about each other .
and maybe it &apos;s where we have to go to the future when we have to go democracy across anatomy -- less about the individual body of what identity is , and more about relationships .
so , if we &apos;re trying to make a perfect connection , we think about what we can do for each other .
thank you .
i &apos;m a little suitcase and this is my suitcase .
but before i show you what i have in it , i &apos;m going to make a very public confession , and that &apos;s : i &apos;m obsessed with preity .
i love to find a different opportunity to find another thing , to wear crazy , and also to photograph , and also to photograph it .
but i don &apos;t buy new .
i get all my clothes from second hand on the ground and in the most of the time .
ooh , thank you .
and i &apos;m allowed to reduce the impact of my favorite on the environment and also the way to my wallet .
i meet all kinds of great people ; my dollars are usually a good purpose ; i see pretty unique ; and it &apos;s shopping to my own personal .
i mean , what am i going to find today ?
will it have my size ?
am i going to like the color ?
will it cost less than 20 dollars ?
if all the answers is , i feel like i won .
i come back to my suitcase , and i tell you what i &apos;ve got here for this exciting week at ted .
i mean , what does someone bring with so many sub-questions ?
so i &apos;m going to show you exactly what i brought brought up .
i brought seven some of the fellow , and that &apos;s all .
and the fellow for exactly a week are all i did in my suitcase .
i &apos;ve got a bet that i wanted to wear everything i might wear , if i just came to palm springs .
and they don &apos;t hear me from me as the woman who &apos;s walking here at ted in their underwear -- called that , i found a few things .
and i want to show you my handwriting for this week .
does that sound good ?
while i do that , i &apos;ll leave you with some of the lessons i think you &apos;re not learning or not , to wear it , not to wear new .
let &apos;s start with sunday .
i call this the built-in tiger .
you don &apos;t have to spend a lot of money to look great .
you can almost look at great times for less than 50 dollars .
this whole dreamer , including the jacket costs me 55 , and it was the most expensive piece that i was carried in this whole week .
monday : color is something powerful .
it &apos;s almost physiological , and it &apos;s not a lighter , bad , if you wear a pants .
if you &apos;re happy , you pull other happy people .
tuesday : adaptation is going to be completely engaged .
i spent a lot of time of my life , trying to try to be , i &apos;m going to be able to be able to adapt and adapt at the same time .
be just who you are .
if you surrounded the right people , you &apos;re not going to understand it , you &apos;ll estimate it .
wednesday : hug your inner child .
sometimes people tell me , i saw out of it when i &apos;m documenting games or i remember her underground .
i &apos;d like to smile and say , &quot; thank you . &quot;
thursday : confidence is the key .
if you think you &apos;re going to see something good , it &apos;s almost safe .
and if you think that you don &apos;t look good at something , you probably have right .
i grew up with a mother who taught me the day for day .
but only as i was 30 , i really understood what that means .
and i &apos;m going to summarize that for you .
if you believe that you &apos;re inside and the outside of a wonderful person , there &apos;s nothing you can &apos;t wear .
so there &apos;s no excuse for someone here in this audience .
we should be able to rock everything we want .
thank you .
a universal truth -- five words : golden , golden , is to be fit .
and finally , saturday : a different , unique , personal style to develop the world is a great way of telling the world about a word .
it was always proven to me and again , if in this week people came to me , just because of what i was wearing . and i had great conversations .
obviously , it &apos;s not going to fit all of my tiny suitcase .
so before i go home , i &apos;m going to donate all of this back .
because the lesson i &apos;m trying to learn this week is that it &apos;s okay to let .
i don &apos;t have to be emotionally , because the corner is going to be a different crazy , and you can give it a little bit of a crazy thing , which is just waiting for me to love a little bit of love and search .
thank you very much .
thank you .
good afternoon , all together .
i have something that i want to show you .
think of this as a flying , as flying as flying .
that &apos;s what we call in our lab , the design design .
let me tell you a little bit about it .
now , if you take this picture -- i &apos;m originally italian , and everybody in italy grows with this picture in his room . but the reason i &apos;m going to show you this is a little bit interesting in the formula .
a few time ago , it was that if you wanted to win a formula , you took your budget and put your money on a good driver and a good car .
and if the car and the driver were good enough , they won the race .
now , you need to take a race , if you want to win a race , actually something like this -- something that has a car in real time , some thousand sensors that are going to pass information out of the car and then use it to use this car .
this would be , in the most of the time , call a more a bit of a sudden .
and basically , it &apos;s a system that &apos;s made of two parts -- a part of the part and a computer system .
what &apos;s interesting today is the most powerful thing is , the most powerful thing is in our lives .
our cities were equipped in the last few years , just with networks and electronics .
they &apos;re going to be in the free .
and as a computer in the free , they start to respond to other kinds of ways , they &apos;re seen and driven .
if we &apos;re going to get cities , that &apos;s actually a big thing .
i want to mention that cities are only two percent of the earth &apos;s surface , but 50 percent of the world &apos;s population live there .
they &apos;re 75 percent of the most of the world &apos;s -- cause to 80 percent of co2 emissions .
so if we do something with the cities , it &apos;s a big thing .
over the cities , all of this perceive and drive in objects of everyday life .
this is from a exhibition that paola antonelli for moma later , while the summer , organized .
it &apos;s called &quot; talk to me . &quot;
well , all of our objects , our environment , start to talk to us .
in a certain sense , it &apos;s almost like any atom out there , and it &apos;s going to be a sensor and a sensor .
and that changes radically the interaction that we have in humans with our environment .
in a way , it &apos;s almost as if the old dream of michelangelo ...
you know , when the slope shaped the moses , it &apos;s called the hammer , and he threw him on moses -- actually , you can see a little place -- and said , &quot; the world &apos;s &quot; is not going to be ? &quot;
well , today , our environment starts to answer us .
i &apos;m just going to show you some examples -- again , with the idea of our environment and power .
let &apos;s start with the perceive .
now the first project i want to introduce you to is in truth of one of the first of our labs .
it was been in italy four years ago .
and what we &apos;ve done was to use a new kind of network that was used in the world -- that &apos;s a little bit of a time -- and anonymous and information of this network that are collected from the world .
the summer was a happy summer -- 2006 .
it was like the italy won the most powerful .
some of you will remember , it was played as italy against france , and then the end of the end , the most of the time .
and no matter , italy won at the end .
now , you see what happened on this day , just watching the activity that happens in the network .
here you see the city .
you see the middle of the middle , the flow of the flow .
the morning before the game .
you see the timeline up .
and the afternoon , people here and there , the calls are making and move .
the game starts -- silence .
france makes a gate . italy makes a gate .
and i was walking , people do a short call , go to toilet .
second , the normal thing .
first extension , second .
and in a moment of the most of the time , the most of the time .
italy wins . yeah .
well , in this night , all the center went to celebrate .
they saw the big adage .
the next day , all the center went to the center of the world &apos;s and the prime minister .
and then all over the bottom .
you see the picture of the space of the space , where , since the roman time , people go to celebrate -- to have a big party , and you see the informed of the day .
now , that &apos;s just an example of how we can feel the city today , and a way of how we couldn &apos;t feel it a few years ago .
even a different example of feeling : here &apos;s not about people , but to consume things that we use and consume .
well , we know all about where our things come .
this is a map that shows you all the chips , which is a mac computer , like you came together .
but we just know about where things go .
so we actually designed some little markers to pursue the waste while he goes through the system .
so we started with some volunteers that we have , something more than a year , in seattle , which they &apos;re going to be able to look at -- different kinds of things that they would throw away .
then we have the little chips that are small brands , the little brands , and they started to pursue it .
here are the results that we &apos;re getting right now .
from seattle ...
after a week .
with this information , we realized that there &apos;s a lot of a lot of a lot of a time in the system .
we can do the same things in fact with less energy .
the data was not available before .
but that &apos;s a lot of a lot of a lot of a time , and more complicated things .
but the other thing is that we believe that if we see every day , the cup that we throw away is not just that they &apos;re still going somewhere to the planet .
and the plastic bottle that we &apos;re going to throw away every day .
and if we show that to people , we can move behavior behavior .
so that &apos;s the reason for this project .
my colleague on the mit , and i could give you a lot more about the perceive and the many other wonderful things that you can do with perceive , but i want to talk to the second part of our environment .
and the first project is something that we &apos;ve done a few years ago in the city of spain .
it started with a question of the building , which came to us and said that spain and the most important tradition have a beautiful tradition , in public places .
and the question was : how could you connect technology , new technology with it ?
and one of the ideas that were transformed with a is being transformed in a computer system , imagine , imagine this tubes , and valves , the way that open and close .
they &apos;re making what a kind of a brain system with the water of water .
if these are rising , they can write it , they can write patterns , images , text ads .
and you can approach him , and he &apos;s going to open up to let them get them to the picture of the picture .
well , we introduced the mayor to the mayor .
it &apos;s very like him .
and we got the mission to design a building in the entrance of the expo .
we called it the digital water .
the whole building was from water .
there &apos;s no doors or windows , but if you &apos;re approaching it , it &apos;s going to open up and let them go into it .
the roof was also covered with water .
and if it &apos;s the caribbean , if you want to reduce the visceral , you can even let the roof down .
or you could close the building and you &apos;ll close the whole architecture , like in this case , you know , this days , if you get the roof , you get pictures of people who were there and say , &quot; you have the building . &quot;
no , they didn &apos;t know the building , it &apos;s just that architecture disappears almost away .
here you see how the building works .
you see the person who asks me what happens inside .
and here you see me when i tried to test the sensors , the water opened , not getting wet .
now , i should tell you what happened to a night when all the sensors stopped working .
but actually , it was a bad fun in this night .
all the children from the children came to the building , because the way they were playing with the building was very different .
not longer a building that would open up to make them a , but a building that had still made breaks and holes in the water , they had to jump without wet .
and that was , for us , very exciting , because as architects , engineers , as designers , we always think about how people are using things that we design .
but the reality is always unpredictable .
and that &apos;s the beauty of creating things that are used and interact with people .
here &apos;s a picture of the building with the physical of the public , the most of the water , and the projections .
and this is what brought us to think about this project that i &apos;m going to show you now .
imagine that these are really possible to fly .
imagine , you could have little helicopter , which is flying through the air , and everybody from them with a little bit of light -- almost like a cloud that can move through the room .
here &apos;s the video .
imagine a helicopter , like the ones you saw earlier , which is moving with other people &apos;s .
you can have this cloud .
you can have a kind of flexible screen or display , like this -- a smooth formation in two dimensions .
or irregular but in three dimensions , which is what changes , the light is not the position of the most of the time .
you can play with different kinds of ways .
imagine the screen could just appear in different ways or sizes , in different ways .
but then the whole thing could be a 3d cloud from the whole day , which you can go through and move through the ones that you can look at from many , many directions .
here you see a real thing that &apos;s a real , the most of the time to form a crane , like a crane .
if you turn the light , it looks like this . so , as we saw it before .
imagine that every single one of people are running .
it could have a impulse of a impulse that comes from people , from the movements of people or something .
i want to show you something to first .
we &apos;ve worked with the most of the best judgment of our time -- the most the way we have the metropolitan theater in new york and the scale in milan -- we took his movements in 3d to use them as a impulse for the most of the time .
here you see the dance dance .
on the left , you see the most important thing , the different of the different sensations .
it &apos;s a little bit of a time , and a more a bit of a time .
so that you can feel all the movement .
you can do that all the time .
but then , if we all have the most of the time , you can play with it and gravity , and play it .
we want to use that as a kind of impulse for the most of the light .
i want to show you the latest project that we &apos;re working on .
it &apos;s something that we work on for the olympics in london .
it &apos;s called the cloud -- the cloud .
the idea is , imagine that we &apos;re going to put the people with something to do something and change the environment -- almost like that , as we call it , a cloud of the way , but with a cloud .
imagine that every one can give a little bit of a donation for a computer .
i think that the remarkable thing of the events is last year , the last decades , is that we &apos;re changing from a physical world to a digital world .
that &apos;s what it has digitized , knowledge , and it &apos;s accessible to the internet .
today , we can see the first time -- and the campaign obama has shown this -- we can see from the digital world , from the physical world .
that can be , in our case , that we use it to design and create a symbol .
that &apos;s what &apos;s built in the city .
but tomorrow , it can be to ask us to ask the next challenges -- think about climate change or co2 emissions -- how can we change from the digital world to physical .
so the idea is that we actually engage people with them , in which they do things together , collective do .
the cloud is a cloud of the cloud of the day , in the same way , like a real cloud of particles .
and these particles are water , while our cloud is a cloud from the cloud of the cloud .
it &apos;s a physical physical form in london , but covered with the most of the time .
you can move inside and make different kinds of experiences .
you can actually look at it from the bottom , the most important moments for the university of 2012 and the other way that you &apos;re going to share is the way to use the community .
so both the physical cloud in the sky and something that you can go to the top , like london new mountain .
you can go .
and a kind of digital assessment in the night -- but as a result , a new kind of experience for all the things that want to go to the top .
thank you .
as an artist , i &apos;m very important to do .
i &apos;m trying to express my work that people are not separated from nature and that everything is connected .
the first time i was in antarctica , i was in antarctica , where i saw my first nanny .
i was raised awe .
my heart painted , i was a little bit of a sudden , while i tried to make what i was .
the supreme around me almost 60 meters from the water , and i could only wonder that this was a snowflake on another carpenter year .
laurie are born as calf of a glacier or by break out of the world &apos;s .
every iceberg has its own individual personality .
they interact with clear ways with their environment and their experiences .
some of you are going to give up and give you a subset to the bitter end , while other people don &apos;t get it to be more and more dramatic .
if you look at a iceberg , you think you &apos;re isolated , separated and alone , as we &apos;re often seeing people .
but the truth is far away .
while a iceberg is falling , i &apos;m going to be a human atmosphere .
while the iceberg is falling , he &apos;s going to be free to use water , which feeds many life forms .
i go to my footage of this northwest , as if i do portraits of my ancestors , in consciousness that they exist in these individual moments , and never again exist again .
it &apos;s not a death , if you melt ; it &apos;s not a end , but a more of your favorite cycle of your life cycle .
part of the ice in the world &apos;s population that i &apos;m going to be a very young -- some thousand years old .
and part of the ice is more than 100,000 years old .
the last images i want to show you is a iceberg that i have in the greenland of greenland .
very rare , you actually witness a iceberg .
here you see it .
on the left , you see a little boat .
this is about five feet long .
please look at the shape of the iceberg and where it &apos;s on the most of the time .
you can see here , he starts to roll , and the boat has moved to the other side , the man is there .
this is the average size of a computer .
he invites about 120 feet from the water , or 40 meters .
and this video is in real time .
and just like that , you show the iceberg a different side of its personality .
thank you .
my life is really blessed by the work of some amazing projects .
but at the coolest , what i &apos;ve ever worked on , it went to this guy .
his name is a little bit of a time .
and the world &apos;s leading graffiti was one of the leading shots of the 1980s .
then , one day , he came back from running back and said , &quot; dad , my legs . &quot;
and that was the outbreak of the as .
and today , the most paralyzed thing is completely paralyzed today .
he can only use his eyes .
i was him to him .
i have a company that makes design and animations , so it &apos;s just a complex part of what we admire in the art art system and pay attention .
so we decided to do tony -- and to support his thing .
i met with his father and his brother and he said , &quot; we &apos;ll give you this money .
what do you do with that ? &quot;
and his brother said , &quot; i just want to talk to tony .
i just want to go back with him and i said , &quot; wait , is that not -- i saw stephen hawking -- can &apos;t all be paralyzed by this devices ? &quot;
and he said , &quot; no , just if you heard to higher energy , and it &apos;s a remarkable insurance , you can really do that .
normal people are not accessible to these devices . &quot;
and i said , &quot; how does your mind communicate ? &quot;
does anybody see the film &apos; film , and the &quot;
so they communicate -- so their fingers are running along .
i &apos;m very upset , &quot; very much , how can that be ? &quot;
so i came to the need , just a check , and i asked a check , which i didn &apos;t have the smallest idea of how i should relax it .
i asked myself to go to place and the god and his father -- with the words , &quot; good , my proposal is like , tony will speak , we &apos;ll get a device .
because it &apos;s a farce that someone who &apos;s all wearing that in themselves , it can &apos;t communicate . &quot;
so i spoke to some months later at a conference .
i met these people from the most of the time , graffiti research lab and they have a technology that allows them to put a light on every surface and then draw with a computer .
so they &apos;re moving around and they &apos;re doing the way that they do .
they say all things that are shown up there , a life cycle .
it starts with the organs , then the most of the time , the most of the time , the most of the people are actually doing art .
but there was always a life cycle in their presentations .
so i went home and ate with my wife evening and told her , &quot; well , second , if there &apos;s this technology , you can find a laser , you can find a laser . &quot;
that was the beginning of the journey .
and about two years later , about a year later , a lot of organization and a lot of things , we have reached some things .
first , we have the insurance insurance , and we have the doors , and actually get a device for the fact that he can communicate -- a stephen , a second .
that was incredible .
and he &apos;s really extremely funny -- i call it a little bit of the time , because you &apos;re talking to him , or get an email , and think , &quot; i &apos;m so much . &quot;
and also , we have seven programmers all over the world -- literally from all the corners of the world -- to us home .
my wife , my children and i moved into the garage , and these hackers and programmers and the programmers and the other , our house took our house .
many of our friends thought we &apos;re beautiful to do that , and that we were going to be the most images and all the images on the walls .
but for over two weeks , we &apos;ve programmed , we went to the city of venice , my children were involved , my dog , and we created this .
it &apos;s called the underlying and you can see the description .
this is a cheap kenyan , which we bought on the most of the time of venice , something more , a few things out of the ego and the most important thing .
we took a little bit of a sudden , they have a led , they put them on a led and now we have a device that &apos;s available -- you can build it yourself , we can download the code free .
so we have created a device that is completely free from constraints .
no insurance can be able to be able to be .
no hospital .
every paralyzed can actually communicate with his eyes or draw .
thank you .
thank you very much , that was incredible .
so at the end of the two weeks , we went back to the room .
i love this picture , because it &apos;s the room of somebody else and that &apos;s his room .
now , there &apos;s all of these things that are the big unveiling .
and after a year of planning , two weeks of planning , and the next time , tony &apos;s and the next time , tony drew to seven years .
and that &apos;s an amazing picture , because this is his life life , and it looks beyond life life .
we &apos;ve tagged his bed so he can see outside .
we set up a kite against a wall of the hospital .
and he drew again to the first time , in the most of his family , and friends -- and you can just imagine what was going on for a sense of parking .
so , unlike the wireless , we had to break into the parking parking , so we felt like a part of the most of the time .
at the end , he sent us an email with the slide , &quot; for the first time i &apos;ve been drawn to seven years . &quot;
i feel that i was expanding under water , and finally someone has a little bit down and i put my head down to me . &quot;
isn &apos;t that overwhelming ?
this is something like our favorite .
that &apos;s what we &apos;re going to do in the level and it &apos;s always going to continue to develop us .
and we have to improve a lot of this device .
it &apos;s an amazing device , but it &apos;s a second of a second .
and somebody who has such an artistic potential , deserves so much more .
so we &apos;re , we &apos;re going to figure out how to do better and stronger .
since that time , we &apos;ve all got kinds of recognition .
we won a few awards .
remember , it &apos;s free , nobody deserves us .
it &apos;s all coming from our own pockets .
so the awards were , &quot; oh , that &apos;s fantastic . &quot;
armstrong &apos;s talking about us and then , december , reminded us the most powerful thing when one of the 50 best inventions was in 2010 .
the most important thing about this is -- and that &apos;s the whole circle -- that it &apos;s going to be a exhibition in the inner city of los angeles , a exhibition called &quot; kind of the &quot; kind of the &quot; kind of the &quot; kind of the &quot; kind of the &quot; kind of the &quot; kind of the &quot; kind of the &quot; kind of the &quot; kind of the &quot; kind of the &quot; kind of the &quot;
and there &apos;s probably the hardest representative of the most profound representative of the world &apos;s -- the most profound representative of the world &apos;s -- the most powerful , the most powerful , all these guys are going to be there .
and the way that &apos;s going to be part of the show is , what &apos;s pretty bollywood .
so basically , i &apos;m about : if you see something that &apos;s impossible , it &apos;s possible .
everything in this room was impossible -- this stage , this computer , this microphone , the microphone -- everything was impossible .
do it possible -- they all here .
i &apos;m not a programmer and i had never done something with the most of the time , but i just &apos;ve been surrounded by amazing people so we could put something on the legs .
and this question should be one of them and that &apos;s a single day , where they have something that needs to be done . if not now , when not now , when not i , who ?
thank you .
so , i write for children , and i &apos;m probably in america &apos;s most likely .
and i &apos;m always saying people that i don &apos;t want to come like a scientist .
you can have me as a farmer , or in leather , but nobody has ever chosen farmers .
today i want to tell you about circles and spin .
well , a epiphany is usually something that you find because you &apos;ve left it somewhere .
you &apos;re going to go to the block and take it as revelation .
this is a painting of a circle .
one of my friends did it -- richard &apos;s .
it &apos;s the kind of complicated circle i want to tell you today .
my circle started in the &apos; 60s at high school in the &apos; 60s , ohio , where i was the most the world &apos;s favorite .
i was a one who was beaten every week in the green green and blue , until a teacher saved my life .
she saved my life by using me the toilet in the most common .
they did that .
she did three years .
and i had to go away from the city .
i had a thumb , i had 85 dollars , and it proposed to san francisco in california -- i found a lover -- and then i found it important to take a work at the end of the 1980s .
about three or four years ago , i got a call in the middle of the night , ms. , called &quot; i have to see it .
i &apos;m sad that we &apos;ve never learned to know each other as adults .
can you please come to ohio , and please come together with the man i know you &apos;ve found .
and i should mention that i have a little bit of a sudden , and i want you to be able to be able to be . &quot;
well , the next day we were in cleveland .
we saw them , we laughed , we cried , and we knew they &apos;d have to be in a hospice .
we found one for them , we brought them up , and we went to them , and we gave them eight , because it was necessary , because it was necessary , it was necessary .
it was something that we knew to do .
and just as the woman who wanted to know me as adults , i met , she turned into a box full of a box and was put in my hands .
what happened was that the circle had closed , it was a circle -- and the revelation i showed .
the revelation is , death is part of life .
she saved my life , and my partner and i saved her .
and you know , this part of life needs everything that needs the rest of life .
he needs truth and beauty , and i &apos;m so happy that today was so often mentioned here .
he takes -- he would need , love and pleasure . and it &apos;s on us , to give these things .
thank you .
imagine a big explosion , while you increase on 1,000 feet .
imagine an airplane full of smoke .
imagine a motor engine , the click , click , click , click , click , click , click , click , click .
that sounds appropriate .
well , i had a unique place on this day ; i sat on the front of the day .
i was the only one who could talk to the most of the time .
so i saw them the same , and they said , &quot; no problem , we &apos;ve caught a few birds . &quot;
the pilot had turned the machine , and we weren &apos;t so far away .
you could see manhattan .
two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
the pilot set up the machine after the hudson river .
that &apos;s not the route .
he turns out the engines .
imagine a plane plane .
and then he said three words -- the words i &apos;ve ever heard .
he says , &quot; the end of the &quot;
i didn &apos;t have to talk to the most about the most .
i could see it in your eyes , because it was a life , life was to end .
i want to tell you three things that i &apos;ve learned about this day .
i learned that in a moment everything is different .
we have this kind of thing that i want to do , we have these things that we want to do in life and i thought to all the people i wanted to fix .
while i thought about it later , a adage fell , which is , &quot; i collect bad . &quot;
because if the wine is so much and the person is there , i open it .
i never want to move anything in life .
and these urgency , this goal , has really changed my life .
the second thing i learned on this day -- and that was when we &apos;re going to get the george washington bridge , so pretty much about joseph -- i thought , human , there &apos;s one thing i really do .
i had a good life .
in my own humanity , and with my mistakes , i &apos;m going to become better in everything i &apos;m going to do .
but in my humanity , i gave my ego to my ego .
and i was working on the time that i wasted for the things that i wasted for the things that means something that means .
and i thought about the relationship with my wife , to friends , to people .
and after that , when i thought about it , i decided to demonstrate negative energy from my life .
it &apos;s not perfect , but it &apos;s much better .
i didn &apos;t invent two years anymore with my wife .
it feels great .
i &apos;m not trying to have quite a , right , i &apos;m going to be happy to be happy .
the third thing i learned -- and that &apos;s the inner clock , &quot; 15 , 14 , 13 , ... &quot;
you see the water .
i said , &quot; please flying into the air . &quot;
i don &apos;t want this thing to break in 20 parts , like you know it from a documentary .
while we were fixed , i had this feeling , human , to die is not terrifying .
almost as if we &apos;re going to prepare our lives for us .
but it was very sad .
i didn &apos;t want to go ; i love my life .
and these sadness really are in a thought , which is that i just a wish .
i just wish i could see my kids growing up .
about a month after that , i went to a performance of my daughter -- giant , not much artistic talent ...
... not .
and i &apos;m going to be able to participate like a little kid .
and in the world , everything has been a sense of me .
i realized that i was going to be able to get the dots together that it &apos;s just about being a great father .
more than anything , all other , is my only goal in life , a good father .
i was the miracle of the miracle , not dying .
i got another gift , which is to see the future , and come back and live differently .
my call to all the time , is : do you think of the same thing on your flight -- please not -- but imagine it ; and how would you change ?
what would you do , that you &apos;re doing , because you think they were forever ?
how would you change your relationships and the negative energy in it ?
and more than anything else , are they the best parents they can only be ?
thank you .
the idea behind the superconductor is pretty simple .
we don &apos;t want iran to build the bomb .
the most important post there for the development of nuclear weapons is the most important in the world &apos;s .
the gray boxes that you see here is the most of the time .
now , if it &apos;s going to be done , the systems are going to control what the systems and valves control , we can actually cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
these gray boxes don &apos;t run with the most of the time ; they &apos;re based on a completely different technology .
but if we do it , a effective thing is a laptop on a laptop that &apos;s used by a computer &apos;s cell to get these gray box , then we &apos;re in business .
and that &apos;s the planning behind the counter .
so we start with a computer .
the most the time the gray box are going to get rid of the gray box , reduced the centrifuge and the iranian , and the iranian is done .
that &apos;s a thing , right ?
i want to tell you how we found that .
when we started to construct our research six months ago , was completely unknown , which was the sense and purpose of this kind of thing .
the only thing we knew is very , very complicated , which is the most complicated part of the world , the most important part of the world , he made of corruption .
and it seemed something more powerful , with these gray boxes , these are the most important .
that &apos;s what our attention and we started a project , where we infected our environment with a vegetarian , and studied this painting .
and then something weird happened .
and i &apos;m going to tear up as a computer system that doesn &apos;t liked our cheese -- the way it &apos;s , but didn &apos;t want to eat it .
that &apos;s not what made sense of my eyes .
and after we had been experimenting with different kinds of cheese , i went to that , that this is a more extreme attack .
completely on a particular goal .
the most active thing was active on the gray box , when a special configuration was discovered . even if that &apos;s the special program , which is trying to climb up on this goal .
and if not , it &apos;s not going to be done .
so , the operator really my interest and we started working with it , almost about the clock , because i thought , well , we don &apos;t know what the goal is .
it could be , for example , a true american power , or a more a bit of a sudden in germany .
so we should soon figure out what the goal is .
so , and we &apos;re going to get the computer code and we found the code that he &apos;s in two digital carbs -- a smaller and a larger one .
and we also fell on , they were very professional , from people who had obviously all the most important information to use .
they knew any bits and they were going to attack them .
probably they knew the most of the time of the most of the time .
so they knew everything .
and if you &apos;ve heard that the most powerful of the doodle is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the most important thing is a science for themselves .
it &apos;s much more sophisticated than anything we &apos;ve ever seen .
here you see a clip from this kind of computer code .
we &apos;re talking about -- about 15,000 lines code .
looks pretty much like an old-fashioned .
and i want to tell you how we were able to be smart from this code .
so after what we were looking for as first , they were a lot of the time , because we know what these things do .
and then we looked at the most of the time and then we tried to bring these with the real world in connection -- potential goals in the real world .
so we needed theories about these goals that we could take off or behind .
to make these theories , we call ourselves that it &apos;s definitely about the most of the time , it &apos;s got to be a high goal and probably is it &apos;s in iran because most of the infections were reported .
well , in this area , there &apos;s not several thousand goals .
basically , it &apos;s going to be on the most common power system and on the most of the time in the world &apos;s brain .
so i said to my assistant , &quot; i &apos;m going to bring a list of all experts for supermarkets and power power . &quot;
and i called them and i know her to compare her expertise to compare what we found in the code and in the data .
and that worked very well .
so , it was possible to bring the little digital of the digital world with the most of the time .
the rotor is this moving part of the centrifuge , this black object that you see .
and if you manipulated the speed of this kind of thing , you actually can actually crack the rotor and finally , to explode the centrifuge .
what we &apos;ve found is that the goal of the attack was actually , it &apos;s slowly and to let it happen -- obviously , in trying to get a little bit of it .
the great digital of digital -- we got a glimpse of that by looking very precisely and the data .
so for example , the number of things are going to be very out of this code ; you can &apos;t miss it .
i started to do scientific literature , and i started to be built in the way that these axes are built in the world &apos;s and found that they &apos;re a real job in called the &quot; &#93; , &quot; and every single one contains the most of the time .
so that made sense , it fits together .
and it was better .
these axes in iran are divided in 15 called the levels .
and guess what we found in the most powerful ?
a almost identical structure .
so again , that &apos;s really good together .
and that gave us big confidence for that that we studied here .
well , don &apos;t understand me wrong , that didn &apos;t just go .
these results were achieved by several weeks of work .
and often we ran in a dead and we had to collect us .
anyway , we found that both digital carbs are actually on a and the same goal , but from different directions .
the little thing takes a little bit of the time , and the crowd of the dragon and slowed down and down and down and the big of the great world &apos;s own .
so , in the big and all we &apos;re very confident , we actually have , which is the goal .
it &apos;s a little bit of the time and it &apos;s just a little bit of a time .
so we don &apos;t have to worry that other goals could be met by the constellations .
here &apos;s something really cool stuff that we &apos;ve discovered -- really , really , really , really made me out of the dragon .
there &apos;s the gray box down there , and you see the poles on it .
now , what this thing is doing is that it &apos;s the goldilocks values of sensors -- so for example , from the most of the time , and it &apos;s going to be a code of the code that &apos;s still going to be .
and in fact , this false data is taken from the counter before .
so it &apos;s like the car &apos;s car , where the car car is fed with before the car seats .
that &apos;s cool , right ?
the idea of this is obviously not just the most , the most of the world &apos;s control .
in fact , it &apos;s much more dangerous and more comfortable .
the idea is to cheat a digital digital system .
we need digital energy systems there where a human being can &apos;t respond fast enough .
so in a power station , if the big ones are going to be too fast , you have to open up within milliseconds .
of course , this can &apos;t be done by a human being .
so , in this place , we need digital energy .
and if the risk are , then really bad things can happen .
the power station can explode .
and neither the most of the time , the most of the time it will notice .
that &apos;s scary .
but it &apos;s going to be worse .
and that &apos;s what i &apos;m saying now .
think about it . this is a attack .
he doesn &apos;t have anything specifically to do with supermarkets with the most of them .
so he would work right now -- in a power station or in a way .
it &apos;s a little bit of a time .
and you don &apos;t have to -- as the bathtub -- you don &apos;t have to put the most of the stick on a stick stick , like we saw it at the time .
you could also use ordinary technology to spread technology .
you have to spread it as far as possible .
and if you do that , you get a little bit of mass destruction .
that &apos;s the consequence we need to ask .
so unfortunately , the biggest number of goals is not in the middle east .
they &apos;re in the united states , in europe and japan .
so all these green areas , these are the most important environments .
we need to ask the consequences and we start to prepare better .
thank you .
i have a question .
ralph , it was reported very much of it that people think that the most of the time is the most important thing behind .
is that your opinion ?
okay , you really want to know that ?
yes . okay .
i think the most common thing is , the most common force is involved , but the driving force is not israel .
so the driving force is the most common superpower .
there &apos;s only one and that &apos;s the united states -- fortunately , fortunately .
because otherwise our problem would be bigger .
thank you that you have a visually signature . thank you ralph .
i spent the last few years to place in situations that are usually very difficult and at the same time .
i went into jail -- hard .
i worked in a computer system -- dangerous .
i filmed in the middle of the -- difficult and dangerous .
and i spent 30 days of mine , nothing as this -- fun at the beginning , a little bit difficult in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
i actually have the biggest part of my career , and i &apos;ve been exposed to the most powerful situations , and that &apos;s all for trying to study social and interesting , and hopefully on a kind of understanding , what makes it fun for the audience and accessible .
so when i knew that i would come here to look at the world from the world &apos;s and the world &apos;s time , i knew i would make something a little different .
some of you may have heard that i &apos;ve got a display in ebay , a few weeks ago .
i sent a few of the things i was sending a few of the things , some of the most powerful , and i gave people the opportunity to get the most important to my tedtalk .
really , some happy people and companies , and they got the unique opportunity -- because i &apos;m sure chris anderson will never let .
so what you got was this : your name here is : my tedtalk , from which you don &apos;t know what &apos;s going to be the subject , and you can ever fly to content .
but it &apos;s a very good media , but it &apos;s a very good media .
you know how many people look at these tedtalks ?
a whole lot .
that &apos;s just the most of the most common .
so despite this warning , i knew anybody would buy the most of the most important .
if you asked me , i would not have been able to tell you that to tell you that with confidence .
but in the new project i work on , my new film , we study the world of marketing , the advertising .
i said , i &apos;ve been going to go back to some pretty terrible situations , but nothing could prepare me , nothing could be able to do anything that &apos;s so difficult and so dangerous as with these guys .
you know , i had the idea for a film .
what i want to do is a film about the way to do about the most of the time , marketing and advertising , which is funded by the whole film by the whole film , marketing and advertising .
and the film is going to be called &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot;
so what happens in &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the way we &apos;re going to go down , &quot; from the beginning to the end , is completely with brands -- from the most of the time you &apos;re going to see the brand .
now this brand , the most the way the stadium stadium , the most of the center .
these people are connected to the film in the fusiform -- forever .
and so the film is going to study this whole idea -- that &apos;s what ? in bulgaria , for forever ?
i &apos;m a person &apos;s person .
that was more to the bureaucratic .
it was &quot; in bulgaria , forever . &quot;
but we &apos;re not just going to have the brand x than a human being , but we &apos;re going to be sure we &apos;re going to sell every possible category in the movie .
so we might sell a shoe and it &apos;s going to be the greatest shoe that you &apos;ve ever carried ...
the greatest car that you &apos;ve ever been the dangers of &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the greatest drink of the greatest drink that you &apos;ve ever had , &quot; the greatest drink of the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot;
so the idea is , besides showing that brands are part of the life , actually , they &apos;re going to be able to fund the film ?
and we actually show the whole process of how it works .
the goal of all the film is transparency .
they &apos;re going to see the whole thing in the movie of censored .
so that &apos;s the whole concept , the whole film , from beginning to end .
and i would be happy when i would help , if you &apos;re going to help , this is what to do .
you know , it &apos;s funny because i &apos;ve heard it first , it &apos;s the ultimate respect for the audience .
i don &apos;t know how to be people &apos;s being .
have you got a perspective -- i don &apos;t want to use &quot; perspective , &quot; because that &apos;s a negative amount of negative -- but you know how to develop that ?
how much money will it need to realize that ?
1.5 million .
i think it &apos;s hard to meet them , but i think it &apos;s worth worth worth , some really known brands .
who knows when the film comes out , we might see how a tribe comes out of the .
what do you think the answer will be ?
the answer is probably going to be &quot; no &quot; .
but is it a difficult thing because of the film or a difficult thing for me ?
fireworks : both .
so ... so , not so optimistic .
so , my lord , you can help me ? i need help .
i can help .
okay .
fantastic .
we need to think about what brands .
yes .
if you look at people who have to do it .
there are some places that we can apply to .
imagine the camera .
i thought , &quot; imagine the camera from &quot; would you have a little bit of a time .
it turns out that it meant that it meant to be , &quot; we don &apos;t want to do anything with your film . &quot;
and just so forth , all these companies disappeared , one after the other .
no one wanted to do something with the film .
i was amazed .
they didn &apos;t want to do anything with the project .
and i was confused because i thought that all the concept of advertising is , your product of advertising , your product as many people can see how possible can you see .
especially in the world today , in this interface of new and old media and the injection media -- is not the idea of being in this new exciting system that brings the masses .
no , that was what i thought .
but look , the problem was that my idea had a mistake , and that was the way that it was .
actually , no , that was not the mistakes .
that would have been no problem at all .
that would have been okay .
but that , what this picture is , is a problem .
see , if you put transparency at the bottom of the world &apos;s , that &apos;s one of the first images that seems .
i really like your way , sergey brin . now .
that was the problem : transparency -- free of deception and the most of the time , just to discover and rotate ; immediately , they &apos;re generating by the verge of the world .
you know , we &apos;re going to hear a whole lot about transparency .
our politicians say it , our president says , even our ceos say it .
but if it comes to that , it &apos;s supposed to be implemented , it &apos;s changing anything .
but why ? well , transparency is fear -- like this strange bear , which still tastes .
it &apos;s a little bit of a time -- like this strange highway .
and it &apos;s also very risky .
what else is risky ?
a whole dish cool .
that &apos;s very risky .
so when i started talking to companies and tell them that we wanted to tell this story , they said , &quot; no , we want you to tell a story .
we want you to tell a story , but we just want you to tell our story . &quot;
see , when i was a kid , and my father caught me on lying -- and there he is looking at me -- he would say , &quot; my son , there &apos;s three versions of mine .
there are your version , there &apos;s my version , and there &apos;s the real version . &quot;
so you see , with this film , we wanted to tell the real version .
but there &apos;s just a company , a agency , willing to help us -- and that &apos;s just because i &apos;ve been familiar with john bond and richard .
so what you suddenly started to understand -- or what i started to understand -- was that if you start talking to these companies , the idea of how your brand is understood , a whole problem .
i have friends who make big , giant , giant , and i have friends who do little of the little more , as i do .
and my friends , the great , giant , giant , say that the reason why their films are so successful , is the reason they have .
and then my friends say , the little more , &quot; well , how do we compete with these big , giant , giant , &quot; competing ? &quot;
and the film is called &quot; the most &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot;
so how exactly are we going to see um in the movie ?
whenever i do me on the way , and i &apos;m always opening up the way i open the most , you &apos;ll see the name of the way .
and every time i &apos;m going to give someone to do somebody , i can say , &quot; are you fresh enough for this interview ?
are you so far ? you see a little nervous .
i want to help you calm up .
so maybe you should be a little bit of this kind of thing that &apos;s a little bit of this . &quot;
and then we offer one of these great things .
either &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; paradise fusion &quot; or a &quot; paradise &quot; , they &apos;ll have the choice .
we &apos;re going to be equipped both for men as well as women -- found , or a stick , whatever .
this is the most important thing .
now i can answer all of your questions and give you a little bit of a bit of a meter .
we &apos;re a smaller brand .
so as you talked about the smaller movies , we &apos;re a brand .
so we don &apos;t have a budget like other brands .
so these things are to make things -- you know , remember people &apos;s name -- that &apos;s kind of why we &apos;re interested in it .
what words would you describe ?
ep is a lot of the time .
this is a great question .
the woman &apos;s technology .
technology is not the way you should describe something that someone &apos;s doing under the drawn .
we &apos;re talking about bold , fresh .
i think , &quot; fresh &quot; is a great word that this category is really positive , unlike &quot; fight smell and moisture . &quot;
it keeps you fresh .
how can we keep them fresh -- better fresh , more fresh , three air bulbs .
these things have a more positive effect .
and that &apos;s a kind of a computer .
what about me ? what about the most of the time ?
i have to talk to the man on the street , which are like me , the way i &apos;m .
they should tell me something about my brand .
how would you describe your brand ?
hmmm , my brand ?
i don &apos;t know .
i really like to be beautiful clothes .
&apos; 80s is true of the state of the face , except the most of the time .
now , what is the brand of the brand ?
unique .
i think the most of the time , the style that i have , is probably &quot; the &quot; glamour glamour . &quot;
i like a lot of black colors , many of the most of the things that i like , and so a stuff .
but i usually have a little bit of a sudden , like the sink , or a jewelry and a strand .
if dan would be a brand , he would probably be a classic light .
man 2 : the brand i &apos;m , i would say , i would say , &quot; i &apos;m going to say .
last two : part of the objection , part of the verge of the world , part of the world &apos;s -- i don &apos;t know .
man 3 : i &apos;m the most of the time .
i sell the whole country in the world .
so i think that &apos;s my brand .
that &apos;s my brand in my little , distorted industry .
man 4 : my brand is fedex , because i were a little bit of the time .
man 5 : brand &apos;s brand &apos;s brand
does that go ?
lawyer : i &apos;m a little bit of a sudden .
i &apos;m tom .
well , we can &apos;t be all the most important , but i often see the interface of the interface of the bacteria and the fly fly .
and what &apos;s noticed was that i needed a experts .
i needed somebody who could go to my head , somebody who could really help me understand what you call the &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot;
and so i found a company called cyber acid in the world .
they have companies like the most of the way they &apos;re doing , and they helped discover these kinds of things .
if you could do it for the do , you could help me .
they brought their pictures , yes ?
i have this . the first picture is a picture of my family .
tell me just a little bit about how that &apos;s connected to your thoughts and feelings about it .
these are the people who form my worldview .
tell me about this world .
and the world &apos;s disease : this world ? i think the world is the world , where you live -- how people are going to live around a while that the friends , the way you live .
all these things come and start from a place , and they come from me and start with my family in west virginia .
what &apos;s the next thing that you want to talk about .
the next one . this was the most beautiful day of my life .
what context is that to the thought and feelings about them ?
it &apos;s like i &apos;d like to be .
i like things that are different .
i like things that are weird . i like to strange things .
tell me about the &quot; why &quot; &quot; why &quot; do you get us ?
what is the most important thing ? what are they going to be right now ?
why is it important , the most important thing ? what represents the red ?
tell me a little bit about this part .
a little bit more about them , that &apos;s not them .
what else have you got through ?
... that doesn &apos;t have to be afraid . what kind of rollercoaster are they ?
and the most of the time . no , thank you .
thank you very much for your patience .
yes . well .
yeah , i don &apos;t know what &apos;s going to be done from it .
there &apos;s a lot of crazy things that go there .
the first thing i saw was this idea that her favorite two separate , but it &apos;s got the pages of pages -- the morgan of a brand is a little bit of a time .
the add to be very good .
and i think there &apos;s almost a contradiction with it .
and i think some companies are going to focus on a strength , rather than both .
many companies tend to do it -- and that &apos;s the human nature -- to avoid things that they &apos;re not sure they &apos;re going to be afraid of , and they &apos;re going to turn them to something positive , and they &apos;re actually going to turn them into something positive , and they &apos;re actually going to turn them into something positive , and they &apos;re going to turn it to themselves .
what other brands are acting so ?
the first is a classic , apple .
and you can see it here , the target , wii , harsha of mini &apos;s and the most powerful .
now , there are the brands and the brands , and they &apos;re doing these things that come and go , but a more , a little bit of a different thing .
a little bit of a sudden , a brand brand . how is your brand ?
if someone would ask them to describe their own , their favorite , how would they be ?
they &apos;re a little bit of a sudden ? are they something that brings blood into the water ?
or are you more likely to be a more a bit more ?
are you something that &apos;s a little quiet , and you &apos;re a little bit more conservative ?
and the things that are the common is things that are the mistakes , fresh , as the most of the time , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the way that the solar is , fresh , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , the way that
or are you more like a little bit of a time ?
are you excited and the most important way of doing it ?
are you established , traditionally , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
are you reliable , stable , more stable , safe , ready , holy , white , and how the dalai lama or a half of the time ?
in the course of the film , we had more than 500 companies , the top and the &quot; no &quot; said , because they didn &apos;t want to be part of the project .
they didn &apos;t want to do anything with this film , because they didn &apos;t have control , no control about the finished product .
but it &apos;s going to be 17 , and 17 of them , who were willing to get to this control , which wanted to make care of someone that &apos;s going to be done with someone that we don &apos;t usually have to tell -- stories that we don &apos;t usually have to tell .
they &apos;re going to tell us the story of the world &apos;s story , like we tell the story in this movie that you &apos;re using today &apos;s story to make the brain &apos;s brain , both about advertising .
we went to sao paulo where the most of the time was banned .
in the entire city , it &apos;s not a big thing for five years , no poster , no a big , nothing .
and we went into school school , where companies are moving into the way they were in management schools , in the very americas .
the incredible for me is that the projects i got most feedback or where i had the biggest success , those are where i beat things directly .
and that &apos;s what these brands have done .
because they thought the middle of the middle , they thought the agencies , and said that the agencies may not really have their interest in sense .
i &apos;m going to negotiate with the artist directly .
i &apos;m going to work with him and create something completely different , something that people think is that our view is that our view process is .
and how did that be for you ? what it successful ?
well , there &apos;s the film in the nih film festival , and we can look at that .
according to the first time , the first thing was in january , and since -- and that &apos;s not even the whole thing -- there were 900 million of this film .
that &apos;s actually a period of mine in the two weeks .
that &apos;s just online -- no press , no television .
the film was not even more likely to be .
there &apos;s no time online . no , no .
he &apos;s not coming out of other countries .
now , finally , the film has reached a very big momentum .
and that &apos;s not bad for a project where almost every ad we talked about , their customers recommend , the finger of it .
something i think i think is that if you arrest your chance , risks is taking you that in these risks are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to put it in these risks .
i think if you make people , you get them closer to failure .
i think that if you &apos;re trained your employees , you &apos;re going to solve risks , you &apos;re prepared to get a profit .
i feel that we need to encourage people to take risks .
we need to encourage people to have no fear of opportunities that they might be able to do .
finally , we should be welcome to the fear of fear .
we should put the bear in the cage .
they &apos;re welcome to fear . they welcome the risk .
a big carrot full of a lot of a lot , so we welcome the risk .
and finally , we should welcome transparency .
today , more than ever before , we get a little bit of honesty very far .
and that , with honesty and transparency , my entire talk , &quot; you &apos;re going to welcome transparency to you , &quot; you know , to be my good friends of the water .
big data is transformed for organizations all over the world in big opportunities .
and the name is , &quot; you &apos;re going to welcome transparency . &quot;
thank you .
now , morgan , in the name of transparency , what is happening with the $ $ the $ $ .
this is a great question .
i have a check in my pocket , put on the most of the time , the most of the time , the most of the time , to fund my favorite , to fund my favorite year .
my name is a little bit of a time .
18 months ago , i did something else at google , and i &apos;m going to make something with museums and art . my favorite , which is also , i gave myself green light .
and it took 18 months .
a lot of the time , and stories that can tell you , i can tell you about 17 very interesting museums .
but i &apos;m going to focus on the show .
there &apos;s a lot of stories about why we did this .
i think my personal view is very simple with this slide and your access .
i grew up in india .
i was a great education force -- i don &apos;t get me -- but i didn &apos;t have access to many museums and this art .
when i went to traveled , and these museums started to learn , i started learning a lot .
and while i worked for google , i tried this desire -- art is accessible to making -- with technology .
we then built a team , a great team , and we started with this .
i &apos;m going to start with the demonstration , and tell you some interesting things that happened since the launch .
so you just go to the too .
you can look around all these museums around here .
there &apos;s the most the thing that moma , the moma , the national nino , the van gogh .
i even come in one of my favorite , the metropolitan museum of art in new york .
you get on two because of it -- very simple .
and the most of the time , and the most important thing is , you &apos;re in this museum .
it doesn &apos;t matter where they are -- copernicus , mexico , it doesn &apos;t make any difference .
you go around and the way .
they want to hire themselves in the museum ?
open the map , and jump on a click .
they &apos;re , they want to go to the end of gangs .
just further . much fun .
they &apos;re constantly sensitive .
thank you , but the best comes .
so i &apos;m a little bit of a sudden of my favorite , and i &apos;m going to be a friend of the nerve , and i &apos;m going to be in the met .
i see this a bug .
if the museum gave us the picture , they click on it .
this is one of the images .
this is all the same .
those of you who are really interested in art can click here -- but i click away now .
this is one of the images we &apos;ve been doing with the so-called called the so-called .
this picture for example has about 10 billion , i think .
and a lot of people ask me , &quot; what do you get for 10 billion ? &quot;
i &apos;m going to show you now .
you can be very easy in and you can see .
you see something funny here .
i love this guy ; his expression is a member .
but then you really want to go deep .
and so i started playing around , and i found that there &apos;s something going on .
and i thought , &quot; wait for a minute , that sounds interesting . &quot;
i went close to the , and i realized slowly , that these kids actually beat something .
i was a little bit of a sudden talking to some known known known , and actually found that it &apos;s a game called a millimeter on the front of the world .
seemingly popular it was quite popular .
i don &apos;t know why they did it , but i learned something about it .
to really close to the ones , you can go to the ones .
just to give you the point of giving you the point , i &apos;m going to see what you get .
here we were , and this is the painting .
but the best thing comes -- in a second .
let &apos;s jump fast to moma , again in new york .
another more , more of me , i &apos;m going to be able to do it .
in the previous example , it was about finding details .
but what if you want to see the mandatory .
and what if you want to see van gogh of this masterpiece , because has it created ?
you &apos;re going to go in . you can really go in .
i &apos;m going to zoom in one of my favorite , and i &apos;m going to zoom in this picture , until i &apos;m really in the christmas .
that &apos;s a lot of the time , probably never seen this before .
now i &apos;m going to show you my favorite function .
there are many other , but i &apos;m missing time .
that &apos;s the really cool part , it &apos;s called collections .
everybody from them , everybody -- the same whether rich or poor , whether they have a great house -- doesn &apos;t matter .
you can go and create your own museum online -- you can put your own collection of your own collection .
just , they go in -- and i created this , it &apos;s called the power of the world &apos;s power -- you can get a little bit of the power .
that &apos;s the most important thing in the world &apos;s .
you can put everything with comments , send your friends , and so you start a conversation about what you feel when you look at these masterpieces .
i think finally , is the main thing for me , that all the wonderful things don &apos;t come from google .
they don &apos;t even come from the museums .
i shouldn &apos;t say that .
they come from the artists .
and that was a experience in humility for me .
i mean , i hope we &apos;re going to be just going to be in the digital medium of art , and they &apos;re currently running online .
is the largest question that i &apos;m going to put on recently : &quot; did you do that to replicate the experience of a computer &apos;s experience ? &quot;
the answer is no .
it &apos;s supposed to add the experience .
so it &apos;s about it . thank you .
thank you .
this is a representation of your brain . your brain can be split in two camps .
this is the left half , the logical side is and then the right half , the intuitive side is .
if we had a scale to measure the most of every hemisphere , we could be able to represent your brain .
for example , this is what someone who &apos;s completely logical .
this would be somebody who &apos;s completely intuitive .
now , where would you get your brain on this scale ?
some of us may have decided for one of these extreme , but i think that for most people in the audience , their brain looks like this -- with a high , the same time in both the workforce .
it &apos;s not as if you &apos;re both exclusive or something like that .
you can be logical and intuitive .
and so i see myself as one of the people , together with most other experimental , which need a good factor to add the complex ideas together .
but at the same time , we need a good percentage of intuition to actually do the experiments .
how do we develop these intuition ? well , we love playing things .
so we go out and play and look like it &apos;s responding to it , and then we start to develop our intuition .
basically , they do the same thing .
so one of the intuitions that they &apos;ve developed over the years is probably that a thing can only be on a place .
i mean , it can sound strange about thinking about that , that a thing is to be two different places , but they were not born with this idea .
i remember seeing a child playing on a computer game .
he was another neurosurgeon and not very good at it , and he was constantly .
but i bet that it taught you that playing with the most valuable lesson , which is the big things you don &apos;t just do , and that you &apos;re staying on a place .
and that &apos;s a great model of the world , so long they don &apos;t have a lot of a time .
it would be a terrible model for a computer , because it &apos;s not playing with the other , but with these little strange particles .
and if you play with your particles , you all think of all kinds of weird things -- like that you can fly directly through walls , or you can be the same time on two different places .
and so they all wrote these observations , and they called the theory of quantum mechanics .
that was the one that was the physics of physics a few years ago ; you needed quantum mechanics to describe the little tiny particles .
but you didn &apos;t need to describe them around the great everyday objects around us .
that doesn &apos;t liked my intuition and maybe that &apos;s because i don &apos;t play with particles .
well , i play sometimes with you , but not very often .
and i &apos;ve never seen them .
i mean , nobody ever saw a particle .
but my logical side has not liked it .
because if all things are from particles and all these particles are the rules of quantum mechanics , should not just follow all the rules of quantum mechanics ?
i don &apos;t see why that shouldn &apos;t be so much .
so i would feel a little bit better with the whole thing , if we could show that everyday the rules of quantum mechanics follow the rules of quantum mechanics .
so i made myself a few years ago to do that .
i created one .
this is the first object that you can see in the most of the time .
so what we &apos;re looking at here is a tiny computer chip .
and you can see this green point in the middle .
that &apos;s the piece of metal that i &apos;m going to talk about .
this is a picture of the object .
here i &apos;m going to zoom down . we look at the center .
and here &apos;s a really big close-up of this little piece of metal .
so what we &apos;re looking at is a little bit of metal that is shaped by a launch of a launch and it &apos;s about the edge .
so i made this thing on similar ways you make a computer chip .
i went to a clean space with new guinea , and i went to the 100 hours of all the big devices .
for the last little , i had to build my own machine -- to make this like a swimming pool , and get hole to get the thing .
this thing has the ability to be in the most of the time , but it takes a little bit of help to do it .
look , let me give you an analogy .
you know how uncomfortable it is to be in a full elevator ?
i mean , if i &apos;m alone in the elevator , i &apos;m all doing kinds of weird things , but then i &apos;m going to hear other people , because i don &apos;t want to get it to it , or , frankly , they &apos;re going to be .
so quantum mechanics says that the objects are feeling like that .
the fellow fellow for the ted objects are not just people , but the light that seems to be on them and the wind that &apos;s over to them and the heat of the space .
and so we knew that if we wanted to see that this piece of metal is going to be able to be able to be out of the whole world .
and then we did .
we &apos;ve got the light off , put it into a vacuum and the whole air , and it &apos;s almost the air , and it &apos;s almost to be the piece of metal , and it was the piece of metal to behave like always .
so we measured his movement .
we found that it really moves strange .
instead of , it &apos;s just quiet there , it &apos;s the way it was about this -- the way it was about this -- like a little bit of a time and together .
we gave him a little push in the world , we could be able to synchronize it at the same time and not to synchronize -- something that allows me to do something in quantum mechanics .
so what i &apos;m telling you is what really fantastic .
what does it mean for an object to the same time and not to synchronize ?
let &apos;s think about atoms .
so the first case : all the trillion of atoms are the piece of metal that are silent and move to the same time .
just too much of the voices , they agree .
the rest of the time are they &apos;re going to be .
that means that every atom is at the same time , which is two different places , which is the same piece of metal on two different places .
i think that &apos;s right .
really .
that was worth me for all these year in the clean space , because , check that , the most of the time between a single atom and this piece of metal .
so if a single atom can be at the same time at two different places , this piece of metal can be two different places , why not even it ?
i mean , that &apos;s just what my logical side says .
so , imagine , you would be at the same time , how would that feel ?
how would you deal with your consciousness that your body is in the room ?
there &apos;s another aspect of history .
when we &apos;re going to be able to get the light , the light and the box , we saw that the piece of metal was always there in a piece .
and so i had to develop this new intuition that it looks like all the objects in the elevator actually are just 64 objects that are in a small room .
you hear a lot of talk about how quantum mechanics is saying that everything is connected .
well , that &apos;s not quite right .
there &apos;s more behind that , it &apos;s still deeper .
it &apos;s so that these connections , their connections with all the things around them , are literally define who they are . and that &apos;s the profound and strange of quantum mechanics .
thank you .
in 2007 , i decided that we should be able to think about economic development .
it should be our goal that if families think about where they want to live and work , they &apos;re given to the possibility between at least one hand of different cities .
now , we &apos;re far away from this goal .
there are billions of people in developing countries that don &apos;t even have a single city to be welcome to them .
but the amazing thing about cities is that they &apos;re so much worth more value than building it .
so we could just be the world very simple with the world , maybe hundreds of new cities .
now , that may sound absurd for you , if you &apos;ve never thought about new cities .
but they just trade the building of apartments against cities .
imagine half of the people who want to live in homes , did this already ; the other half but not yet .
they could try to expand the capacity of the already existing apartments .
but you know what they would be able to do , in these apartments and their environment , to avoid laws of dna and push out of them .
so it turns out to be very hard to keep all these things .
but you could go to a completely new place , building a completely new block of information , and the laws would be able to support such a building and not affected it .
so i proposed , so governments create new surfaces that are going to offer enough space for a city and gave them a name : charter cities .
later , i found that , about the same time , the same time , and the challenge of reform is thinking about the challenge of reform .
they knew that every year , about 4.6 , they left their country to leave in the united states , and they wanted to know what they could do to make sure that these people can stay in their country and do exactly the same in the same .
in this place , the way that people want to do it is to be said , &quot; what happens when we &apos;re going to get a computer surface of our country &apos;s land , what if we just want to go to the message of the american embassy or the united states .
in the summer of 2009 , under a severe computer .
the next thing that &apos;s going on is the next three elections , won the historic smooth in a shift , whose program promised both innovations , and also promised .
he asked the most of the time to become his favorite .
in the meantime , i was going to be on a talk at tedglobal .
through improvement , try and try through the study of consumers , i tried to reduce this complicated concept of the charter in the essence city .
the first point , is the importance of laws , laws that determine that you can &apos;t be able to keep existing .
we pay new technologies , but for progress , it requires technologies and laws . and it &apos;s usually laws that we &apos;re going to do .
in 2010 , a friend sent from guatemala to the tedtalk to the tedtalk .
again , he showed him a little bit of it .
the two people told me .
and said , &quot; let &apos;s present that the head of our country ! &quot;
so we met in december in december in the world &apos;s favorite map .
i tried to make sure how valuable cities are , to be like much more valuable they &apos;re cost .
and i used this chart to show how valuable is a place like new york . think about it , a surface in some cases per square meter .
but it was a pretty abstract discussion , on a place than it was a pause , called &quot; paul , could we look at the tedtalk . &quot;
so the tedtalk was going to be in very simple form that a charter is a place , which is a place that &apos;s going to be able to be able to be able to get the laws that are going to be there and not .
so i was asked by the president of the president of diamonds , who meant that we need to do this project that it &apos;s important , and that &apos;s the way that it &apos;s going to be the way to get our country .
i was asked to get a talk to the fourth and fifth january a talk .
so i &apos;ve been thinking about facts , and i &apos;ve been thinking about facts like this , which is a graph that &apos;s trying to illustrate that if you want to create a lot of value in a city , it has to be a very large city .
this is a picture of the city of the city , and the sketch represents the new airport that was built in tamil .
alone , this airport has a surface of 100 .
so i tried to convince the most of the time to convince you , if you want to build a new city , you have to start with a area of at least 1,000 .
these are more than 250 thousand morning .
polite all the time .
the faces of the audience were very serious and attention .
the ladder of congress came on the stage and said , &quot; professor , i thank you very much for your talk , but maybe we might look at the tedtalk .
i have him on my laptop here . &quot;
so i sat down , and they played the tedtalk .
and i &apos;ve come to the punch line that a new city provides people new possibilities .
there were the opportunity to live in a city that would be in newcastle , rather than hundreds of miles away in the north .
and a new city also involves new possibilities for leaders .
the leaders of government in the government would be dependent on the help of the help , they could benefit from their own , which they would make in the laws of the laws and the bureaucratic thing that they would support .
and the realization of president meadow was that the confidence of the limbic is about the most difficult thing i &apos;ve thought about as a way to get the foreign investors and build the brain for all the parties in the city .
we &apos;re in a field .
this picture is from this place .
it &apos;s easy to take a thousand square square .
and shortly after that , at the 19th , you have voted at congress for a change of the constitution to have a computer policy , which is a special control of the special .
in a country that &apos;s just a dozen crisis behind , in congress , for this kind of thing , was elected to a voice .
all parties , all the most common of society , supported this .
to become part of the constitution , it has to be approved twice by congress .
at the 17th february , it was approved to a voice .
immediately after this choice , between the 21st and the 24 february , a plus of about 30 places of the world , the most interested in the business of the world &apos;s business .
one place is south korea .
this is a picture of a big , new urban city , which built in south korea , as the urban mayor .
everything you can see on this picture was built within four years after it took four years to get the shepherd .
the other place that was very interested in the urbanism is singapore .
it was built two cities in china , and the third is in preparation .
so if you &apos;re not seeing it , it &apos;s where we are today .
they already have a little bit of a sudden ; they &apos;re already looking at this area for the second city .
it &apos;s already worked on a legal system that allows you to participate , and it &apos;s also working on an external system .
a country has already offered his top court to put a dolphin for the most difficult court of the system .
and also , and the most important thing is very interested in the way .
they even bring funding with a .
one thing , as you know , was already known , there &apos;s a lot of the time .
there are many businesses that would like to put in america , especially in a place with a free free , and there are many people who would like to live there .
over the world , there are 700 million people who are saying that they want to live in a different place .
a million people left latin america and go into the united states .
many of you are fathers who are forced to be able to be able to be able to be able to work their families to be able to work with work sometimes .
unfortunately , it &apos;s sometimes children who try to find their parents back , which they have been in some cases , for a decade .
so what is it for an idea about building a completely new city ?
or even to build these cities , or hundreds of things around the world ?
so what is it for an idea to be able to have a choice between several cities that are in competition to be new residents ?
that &apos;s an idea that &apos;s worth spreading .
my friends made me say to myself , thank you ted .
you know how many decisions you do on a typical day ?
you know how many decisions you meet in a typical week ?
i &apos;ve been doing a poll recently with 2,000 americans , and the average number of decisions that make a typical americans a day is 70 .
and also , a study was made with ceos , which she saw a week for a week .
and these scientists just have documented the different themes with those ceo that are busy and how much time they spent decisions that are interacting with the issues .
and they found that a average ceo is busy in the week with the other tasks .
each of these themes was of course , of course , many , many smaller decisions .
50 percent of their decisions were hit within nine minutes or less .
just for about 12 percent of their decisions , they needed an hour or more of their time .
think about your own decisions .
you know how many decisions you meet in the nine minutes of category to the one that &apos;s an hour ?
how good , do you think are the decisions to deal with ?
today i want to talk about one of the biggest largest things of our modern time , the most of the time .
i want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
well , if i talk about this problem , i &apos;m going to ask you some questions and i want to know your answers .
if i ask you a question , raise your question , you &apos;re just going to be blind , just the hand , if you want to burn some calories .
otherwise , i &apos;m going to ask you , if i ask you a question , and your answer is , so , my first question for today is : are you ready to hear something about the most about the most of the time ?
thank you .
when i was a computer at stanford university , i went to this very very very supportive store , and at least he was very exclusive .
it was a store that was called the most of the time .
this business , it was almost like a kind of a .
they had 250 different kinds of mustard and oil and over 500 different kinds of fruit and vegetables and more than two dozen different kinds of water -- and that was a time when we actually drink .
i loved to go to this business ; i &apos;ve been wondering , well , how does it get to buy something ?
here &apos;s the olive olive .
they had over 75 different kinds of olive oil , including that , including the boxes that were locked by a thousand years old .
so i decided to visit the leader of the leader , and i asked the ladder , &quot; works that model that they really offer all these possibilities ? &quot;
and he showed the most of tourists from tourists , which came every day and usually their cameras .
we decided to make an experiment and we chose to do a experiment for our experiment .
here &apos;s her favorite gang .
they had different kinds of kinds of things .
we set up a little bit of a little bit of business on the entrance of business .
we put six different tastes there , or 24 different tastes , and we &apos;ve looked at two things : first , i would be able to stay more people and try to try ?
it &apos;s more people stayed if it was 24 percent , about 60 percent , when it was six , about 40 percent .
and then we saw what the people are more likely to do is buy a glass of glass .
now we saw the opposite effect .
from the people who were standing in the case , they bought three percent in fact , just three percent of the glass .
from the people who are standing as long as it was six , now we saw that 30 percent of them actually bought a glass of glass .
now , if you calculate it , people bought six times more a glass of a glass , who they had six to choice when they had 24 to choice .
now , to decide not to buy glass is probably good for us -- at least it &apos;s good for our waist -- but it turns out that the most important thing is that the most of us affects us in very much ways .
we don &apos;t decide to decide , even though it comes against our own best interests .
so the theme of the day : financial protection .
i &apos;m going to describe you now a study that i &apos;m going to do with a little bit of the time i &apos;m talking about , and i was doing the decision of the decisions of retirement , which we &apos;ve been looking at for retirement plans of about 650 plans in the entire united states .
and what we looked at was whether the number of the world &apos;s number of the world was possible , which was a kind of a sense of a little bit of the time that &apos;s saved , whether more for tomorrow gets saved .
and we found that there was a relationship in fact .
so in these plans , we had about a little bit of the plans that people offered anything between two to 59 different fund .
and what we found was that the more fund were offered that , in fact , participation was lower .
if you look at the extreme look at the extreme plans , the plans that offered two fund , a little bit of a sudden in the 1970s -- still not so high , as we want .
in the plans , almost 60 fund , the most 60 fund , the most of the time , the most of the time .
now , even if you &apos;re going to participate , even if you were to participate , if you were more options , even then it has negative consequences .
so the people who decided to participate more is that the more possibilities they were available to the more , they &apos;re going to send it to and choose .
the more possibilities to you were available , the more you have your whole money in pure .
no one of these extreme decisions , to the decisions , would be able to be able to do that , if you &apos;re important , the future financial well-being .
now , in the last 10 years , we &apos;ve seen three essence of negative consequences that offer more and more choices with them .
they push the decision -- push them on , even if it comes against their own best interest .
they &apos;re more worse decisions -- worse financial and worse medical decisions .
they &apos;re more likely to decide for things that they &apos;re satisfied less , even if they make objective better .
the main reason for this is that we might enjoy it , maybe we enjoy these huge shelves of the world &apos;s disease , mustard , oil and we can &apos;t look at the comparison and then you can &apos;t compare it to the fantastic supply .
so what i want to suggest today is four simple techniques -- techniques that we &apos;ve tested on different ways and different types of different things -- they can just apply them into their business .
first , just .
they &apos;ve heard it before , but it was never true than today , that less is less .
people are always concerned when i say , &quot; just . &quot;
they &apos;re always worried that they lose their own .
but in fact , we see it more and more , if you &apos;re ready to be able to be able to get and the broad pepper possibilities , you &apos;re going to be able to get a rise of sales .
as a result , and gamble and gamble are reduced the different head and the other head of 26 on 15 , they experienced a rise of sales to 10 percent .
when the golden corporation corporation , their 10 sold the worst , they experienced that the profit is growing around the rate of the commodity -- a result of both , the rise of sales and reducing .
you know , the average of the average today offers 45,000 products .
a typical walmart gives you 100,000 products today .
but the most of the supermarket , the supermarket today , is the world &apos;s supermarket , and they just provide them 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce in doses .
now in the world of the most of the world &apos;s , i think one of the best examples that we &apos;ve been doing is the best thing that &apos;s going on on the market , like you &apos;re best , in the david &apos;s hands , it &apos;s a program that &apos;s offered at harvard .
every single harvard staff now takes automatically to a part of a part of a part of the .
those who want to make a choice , 20 fund , are not going to be 300 or more fund .
you know how people often say , &quot; i don &apos;t know how to do it .
it &apos;s all important opportunities . &quot;
and the first thing i ask the employees is , &quot; tell me how the possibilities are different from each other .
and if your employees can &apos;t be able to get them , it can &apos;t be your customers . &quot;
now before we started lunch today , i had a conversation with gary .
and gary said he was ready to offer all people in this audience a little bit more beautiful in the world .
here &apos;s a description of the street .
and i want to read you the way .
and now i &apos;ll give you a few seconds to read them and then i &apos;m going to be clapping with them when they &apos;re ready to take gary &apos;s supply .
okay . everybody &apos;s ready to assume gary &apos;s supply .
are that all ?
well , let me show you something more of it .
they knew it was a trick , right ?
well , who is ready for this journey .
i think i may have heard more hands .
good .
the fact is , you look at objective , the first time , had more information than the second time , but i would guess that it &apos;s real clear .
because the images had been real feeling for them .
what brings me to the second technology is that it helps you deal with the problem of the most of the world &apos;s problem , it &apos;s the most important thing .
it &apos;s about that people to understand the difference between possibilities , to understand what consequences are associated with the individual possibilities , and that consequences have to be vivid and more useful .
why are people going to give up 15 to 30 percent more , if they use a card card or a credit card than a nurse ?
because it &apos;s not us really feel money .
and it turns out that if you create it , something that feels like it feels a very good tool , it &apos;s a very good tool to save people .
so we &apos;ve been able to have a study that i did with a little bit of the time i did with a little bit of the time , and we &apos;ve made a study with people in the world &apos;s -- employees , who have all worked for the most of them -- and these people were all in a meeting in their participation .
and during this meeting , we have this meeting just leaving as they were , just added a little bit .
the little thing we &apos;ve been doing is that we asked people to think about all the positive things that would happen in their lives if they were saving money .
we did this simple thing , and we had a rise of participation to be 20 percent and there was a rise of the number of people who were willing to save them for the most important .
the third technology : the most important thing .
we can better deal with more categories than more choices .
here &apos;s for example , a study that we &apos;ve done in a computer system .
it turns out it &apos;s in the upper industry , and down in the northeast area , the number between the number of people are going to be high .
but you know what ?
if i show you 600 magazines and you &apos;re going to show you 400 categories or i &apos;ll show you 400 categories , and you have a better statement , and you &apos;ve given that i gave you more choices and a better job of the time when i gave you the 600 .
because the categories tell me how to keep them apart .
here are two different types of types of things .
one is called &quot; jazz &quot; and the other is called &quot; &quot; &quot; jazz . &quot;
if you think that the left display is the left display and the display on the right jazz is clapping in the hands .
okay , there &apos;s a few .
if you think that the left is on the left of jazz and the ones , it &apos;s clapping , you &apos;re clapping .
okay , a few more .
well , it turns out they &apos;re right .
the left on the left is jazz and the right is a lot of the time , but you know what ?
this is a very common amount of water .
the categories to say the categories of something that &apos;s not the choices .
and this problem is often looking at the long bullet lists of all of these fund .
who actually wants to do it ?
my fourth technology : premise for complexity .
it turns out we can actually deal with more information than we think we need to simplify them .
we need to increase complexity slowly .
i &apos;ll show you an example of what i mean .
let &apos;s take a very , very complicated decision : buy a car .
here &apos;s a german approximation , which gives you the opportunity to get your car completely .
you have to make 62 different decisions to design your car completely .
now these decisions are different in the number of choice that they offer per decision .
and the car &apos;s disease , the car -- i have 56 possibilities .
motors , bicycles -- four possibilities .
what i &apos;m doing now is , i change the order of the decision .
half of the customers is going to be about the many ways to get 56 , to the low possibilities , four bicycles .
the other half of the customers are about the low possibilities , four bicycles , to the 56 , many possibilities .
what do i look at ?
how do you care about it .
if you use the most important thing in the decision , it &apos;s going to be overwhelmed with it , the most difficult , i &apos;m losing them .
what you find is that people who go from many to the low most of the time and over again is the most common .
we lose them .
go from the little choices to the many , then they stay in .
it &apos;s the same information . it &apos;s the same number of possibilities .
the only thing i did is to change the order of changing this information .
if i start with the simple , i learn how i &apos;m going to be .
even though the mainland choose to pick me up , nothing about my preferences , i &apos;m going to say , it &apos;s still going to be me to choose .
it also provides me in excitement about the big product i &apos;m going to do , and so i &apos;m ready to motivate myself to be interested in interest with interest .
let me summarize .
i told you about four techniques that are going to be supported by the problem of the world &apos;s problem -- just -- you &apos;ll get the surplus alternatives ; you &apos;re doing it real ; we can do better with more categories .
each of these techniques i &apos;m describing today is to help them manage the possibilities -- good for them , they can use them for themselves , good for people who are taking service .
because i think the key to the best choice is that you &apos;re in the selection .
and the more we &apos;re choosing the first dive , the better we will be able to practice the art of decision .
thank you .
hi . i &apos;m kevin , i &apos;m a collaborative , and i &apos;m looking at youtube .
that &apos;s true .
today we want to talk about how videos are going to be older , and then , why that &apos;s important at all .
we all want to be stars -- inject , singers , noor -- when i was young , that seemed so infinitely difficult .
but they have a lot of the time that we can all be able to be famous or all our creative activities in a part of our world .
every single one of you could be famous about the internet to the next saturday .
but at youtube , more than 48 hours of video per minute .
it &apos;s just going to be a tiny percentage of the only person , and it &apos;s going to be thousands of times and so on the cultural moment .
so how does that work ?
three things : the most important thing , the unexpected and unexpected .
well , we want to do .
oh my god . oh my god .
oh my god !
whoa !
and the most of the time , the most important thing .
last year , the computer &apos;s favorite , this video he filmed his house in the living national park .
in 2010 , it was been 23 million times .
this chart shows how it looked popular when the video was popular last summer .
actually , no viral video wanted to do .
he just wanted to share a rainbow .
because you &apos;re doing that , if you &apos;re going to be involved in the mountain , you &apos;re going to be involved in .
he had uploaded a lot of a lot of a lot of the time .
and this video was actually sent in january .
what &apos;s happening here ?
there was jimmy &apos;s &quot;
jimmy &apos;s sending the tweet , who made the video last last to the video .
because the way jimmy &apos;s like jimmy &apos;s asking us new and interesting things and show them a big audience .
it &apos;s friday , friday . get down on friday . bring out the most of the time to the most of the time , i think , and you didn &apos;t think we would lead this conversation without talking about this video , i hope .
rebecca is one of the most recent videos of the year .
it was almost 200 million times .
so the graph looked like this .
just like &quot; double &quot; seems to be out of nothing .
what happened to this day ?
well , it was friday , that &apos;s true .
if you want to know that , these other peaks are also more .
but what about this day , this particular friday ?
well , the most important thing is , it &apos;s going to start to write many blogs about it .
michael j. nelson &apos;s nelson theater was a first , which made a joke at twitter .
it &apos;s important that a single person or group took a point of a point of view , with a big audience , and accelerating the process .
then this community formed of people who shared this big joke , and they started talking about it and to play with it .
now there are 10,000 main types of &quot; friday &quot; at youtube .
already , in the first seven days , there was a pig for every single week .
unlike the world &apos;s conversation , the participation of the world is the participation of the community to become part of this phenomenon -- either by spreading it or something new .
&quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot;
that &apos;s it , just .
this year , it was almost 50 million times .
and if you hold that for crazy , you should know that there &apos;s a little bit of a sudden that was four million times .
even cats look at this video .
cats look at cats that look at this video .
important is important , creativity , which is in the most of the most powerful of the world &apos;s health and geeks .
there were self-organized .
somebody made an old-fashioned version of it .
and then it became international .
a whole single set of a sudden shot from the ground that made it a stupid joke to something that we can all participate in .
today we don &apos;t just find pleasure to something , we &apos;re doing .
who would have been able to have this ?
who would have been able to predict &quot; double &quot; or rebecca , &quot; can you predict black or &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot;
what are you going to write , you know , what &apos;s going on , where do you do that ?
in a world , every minute , two days video is uploaded video , just unique and unexpected , like the video videos .
i &apos;m not going to give you a very interested in me when i said , i was going to look at this great video , about a guy who &apos;s in new york with a ticket .
i got a ticket because i &apos;m not on the most common , but often there &apos;s disabilities that don &apos;t let the one be very upset on the most of the time .
there was completely surprising and potassium , casey , funny idea , and his argument was five million times .
this approach is true for everything we do creative .
and that &apos;s all that leads us to a big question .
what does that mean ?
and the most of the time .
what does that mean ?
and the creative , creative , unexpected , is the features of a new kind of media and culture , to the world &apos;s own access to the audience .
like , one of the most largest stars -- justin doyle -- his beginning to youtube .
nobody has to give your ideas green .
and today we &apos;re all feeling as owners of our culture .
and these are not the features of the old media and they &apos;re not doing the media of the media , but they &apos;re going to determine the conversation of the future .
thank you .
how can i put a little bit of the connectedness between women over three generations , and how amazing strength of this connectedness is in life .
the story is not over .
it &apos;s a puzzle that &apos;s going to put together .
i want to tell you about some of the most of the most of the most of the most of the most .
imagine the first piece : a man who burns his life .
he &apos;s a poet , a writer , a man whose whole life of the simple hope of the unit and freedom was together .
hold it on the world &apos;s own test of the test of the test of the test of the eyes , like he &apos;s going to have to be saying that his life was a single waste .
the words , so long his friends , the time he &apos;s now .
he moved back to silence .
he died , broken through the story .
he &apos;s my grandfather .
i never met him personally .
but our lives are so much more than our memories .
my grandmother never forget me his life .
i had to worry that it wasn &apos;t about free , and it was my job to learn that the story was trying to animate us , but we &apos;re being able to be able to be able to be affected .
the next puzzle shows how a boat in the early world &apos;s quiet are quiet on sea .
my mother may be 18 when her father died -- already in a computer marriage , with two little girls .
for you , life had asked her a task : the escape of your family and a new life in australia .
it was completely intimidating that they could fail .
after a four and a half , a boat , a boat , a boat , is a boat on the lake , as a result of the world .
all adults were aware of the risks .
the biggest fear had they had pirates , rape and death .
as most adults on the boat was wearing my mother a little bit of a little bit of a little bit .
in a computer system , only my sister would have my sister and i , then they drink himself and my grandmother .
my first memories are from this boat -- the hybrid of the engine , the clapping of a police on the raise , the vast and empty horizon .
i don &apos;t remember the pirates , which many times came , but from the men on our boat , they were breaking up to the engine of the engine , the six hours .
but i remember the lights of the most of the most of the time , and i remember the young man , who was collapsed and died , the end of the journey was too much for him , and on the taste of the first , the first of the first , the first thing i &apos;m going to do was the men on the platform .
no apple has ever uploaded this way .
after three months in a refugee camp , we landed in the zabbaleen .
and the next thing is , the next one is about four women in three generations , which are building a new life .
we were going to be in the bottom of the street , one of the young obligations , whose population is from the world &apos;s population .
unlike the most different time in the most difficult , their existence was completely unknown , there was no more a single thing in the world &apos;s .
the smell of the rest of the world came from the rest of the world .
and the most difficult broken of the broken , broken , between people , had a thing together : they started .
my mother worked on farms , then on a line of line , six days , twice layers .
it was kind of the time to find english and the most of the time .
we were poor .
every dollar was given up and put it in another education for english and mathematics , no matter what we had to get . mostly the new things came out of second hand .
two some of the people for school , every one to cover the holes in the other .
a little bit of a way to the most of the time , because they had to rich six years .
and there were the rare but painful , but there &apos;s a rare , and there &apos;s a lot of the time , &quot; asian , goes home . &quot;
after home ?
something more than me in me .
there was a meeting to reconciliation and a calm voice said , &quot; i &apos;m going to go from the way . &quot;
my mother , my sister and i slept in the same bed .
my mother was exhausted every night , but we told each other from our day , and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house .
my mother suffered to be a boat from the boat .
and it was my job to stay awake every night , until her iphones came to come to the pub .
she opened a little bit of a sudden , then a little bit of a business and opened a business .
and the women came with their stories about men who don &apos;t get the change , angry and more , and they &apos;re caught , and they were caught by two worlds .
loans and dials were looking for .
centers were built .
i lived in the middle of the city .
in a decade , i was the classic asian student , the most of the time , asked to themselves .
in the other , i was involved in insecure life , the tragic scars of violence , the most tragic scars of violence , the most powerful and the end .
but so many of the years got about the years .
and because of this help , i was in my last year of the world &apos;s last year , as a young .
and i was the next one of the next year , and the edges didn &apos;t fit together .
tan le , anonymous of the world &apos;s , was now tan , tan , and social activist , who was invited to talk to places that was invited to talk about , and in homes whose existence would never have imagined .
i wasn &apos;t familiar with the sticks .
i didn &apos;t know how to use the most of the time .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about wine .
i didn &apos;t know how to talk about anything .
i wanted to go back to the routine and the comfort of life a unknown , a grandmother , a mother and two daughters who are so natural for 20 years .
i said my mother , i wouldn &apos;t do that .
she reminded me that i was so old as she was going to be able to put the boat .
no one was never a way .
&quot; do it just &quot; do it , &quot; she said . &quot; and it &apos;s not what you &apos;re not . &quot;
so i talked about the most about the most of the time and education , and the abuse of the world &apos;s and the environmental .
and the open i talked about , the more i should tell .
i met people in all the most important , so many of them did what they loved , lived on the limits of the possible .
and even though i had my degree , i realized that i could not be able to do a career in law .
there had to be another more kind of thing .
and i realized the same time that it &apos;s okay to be a facilitator , a new , new , new , not just , but something you have to be grateful , maybe a gift of the most of the time .
because the most easy thing can be so easy to collapse the horizons , so easily means that you &apos;re accepted assumptions of the environment .
i went from my favorite to know that , well , the world is going to be the world , but not as you get it .
possibilities that were not allowed to allow them to be explicitly encouraged .
there was a energy , a visually , a more recent optimism , a strange soup of humility and the most of the time .
so i followed my gut gut gut .
i collected a little team of people to me , for the turning box , not &quot; a challenge . &quot;
a year we didn &apos;t have a cent .
at the end of a , i cook a huge amount of water that we shared .
we worked late to the night .
most of our ideas were crazy , but it was a few brilliant , and we managed to do the breakthrough .
i met the decision to pull into the united states .
after just a journey there .
my gut gut gut .
three months later , i was moved and the adventure went on .
before i leave the talk , i want to tell you about my grandmother .
she grew up to a time where the social norm and the local rider was the most important person .
life has not changed since centuries .
her father died shortly after her birth .
her mother moved her alone .
with 17 , she was the second woman of a rider whose mother was proposed .
without support of your husband , she was a big , by brought it to a giant court , and it was a more beautiful big , and a bigger big , more than she won .
&quot; not &quot; turned out to be a false .
i just a shower in sydney , when she died . 1,000 miles away in the caucasus .
i looked through the most of the time and saw them on the other side .
i knew they came to go to go .
my mother called me a few minutes after that .
a few days later , we went into a buddhist temple in a buddhist temple , and sat around her .
we told her stories and lists that we were still at her .
to midnight , the monk came and said he had to close the cavalry .
my mother asked us to touch her hand .
she asked the monk , &quot; why is your hand so warm and the rest of your own is so cold ? &quot;
&quot; because she &apos;ve been holding them tomorrow for today , &quot; he said .
&quot; you didn &apos;t leave them . &quot;
if there &apos;s a band in our family , it &apos;s going to be through the women .
you see who we were and how life has shaped us , we can see that the men who were maybe in our lives , we would have come to the breaks .
defeat would have been too simple .
now i &apos;d like to have my own kids , and i think i think about the boat .
who would ever be a wish ?
yes , i &apos;m afraid , ease , ease , before .
can i give you a bug in your life , who sent brave everybody , the most of the wave , the most of the horizon , the long horizon , which is nothing ?
i don &apos;t know .
but if i could give this to you and you could ensure it could be done .
and also , the mother &apos;s mother is here in the fourth or fifth series .
i &apos;m here to share my photography with you .
is it photography at all ?
because that &apos;s a picture that you can &apos;t take with your camera .
yet , my interest started to cook when i got my first digital character , in age 15 years old .
i combined it with my former preference for drawing , but it was a little different , because the camera was actually in planning .
and if you take a picture with a camera , the process ends up , if you press the trigger .
so for me , it seemed to be more about photography , so to be the right place to the right time .
i believed everybody could .
so i wanted to create something else , something that starts when the trigger is going to be expanding .
photos like this : a construction site along a much more powerful road .
but it has an unexpected twist .
and yet , a realistic level .
or photos like this -- dark and the same , but all of the common goal , a realistic level .
if i say reality , i &apos;m going to be able to do that .
because , of course , it &apos;s not something you can really capture , but i want to look at it as if you could have that , on a photograph .
photos , where you have to think a short moment , to figure out the trick .
so it &apos;s more about capture an idea than really a moment .
but what is the trick that makes it realistic ?
does it go to the details or the colors ?
does it go to the light ?
what does the illusion create ?
sometimes the perspective is the illusion .
but then , the last thing is , how we interpret the world , and how they can be made on a two-dimensional surface .
it &apos;s not about what &apos;s realistic , but what we think is realistic .
so i think the basics are very simple .
i see them as a puzzle of reality , where you can take different pieces and put it together to create an alternative reality .
and let me show you a simple example .
we have three perfect tools here , and we can identify all of us in a three-dimensional world .
but in a certain way , they can combine something like that , they can create something that looks like it could be .
but at the same time , we know that it &apos;s not possible .
so we cheat our brains , because our brain is accepted , because our brain doesn &apos;t really make sense .
and i see the same process in combine photos .
it &apos;s really about combine different realities .
so things that look realistic is , i think , is the things that we don &apos;t think about , the things that we don &apos;t think about around us .
but if we combine photos , it &apos;s really important to think about it , because otherwise you &apos;re just looking wrong .
so i would say that there are three simple rules to follow a realistic result .
as you can see , that &apos;s not three special images .
but can you combine something special like this .
so the first rule is that combined photos should have the same perspective .
second , combined photos should have the same more .
and these two images are making these two demands -- from the same altitude , and the same thing .
third , it &apos;s about making it impossible to distinguish where the individual images start and end up by connecting them to it .
it &apos;s impossible to say , how the photo was actually put together .
so by making color , contrast and light on the edges , the individual images are interconnected , pathogens , like the , , as a single picture , and we can look like a single picture , although a picture is basically hundreds of levels .
here &apos;s another example .
you might think that &apos;s just a landscape , and the bottom part was manipulated .
but this picture is actually put together in reality , from photos of different places .
i personally personally , i personally , is to create a place than a place , because you don &apos;t have to take a compromise with the ideas in your head .
but it requires a lot of planning .
and when i had this idea in winter , i knew i needed several months to plan to find them to find the different places for the player .
for example , the fish was taken on a computer system .
the bank comes from another place .
the most of the time comes from a quarry .
and yes , i even have the house up on the island red to the island of red , to look at it .
to reach a realistic result , it &apos;s seen from me , so it &apos;s seen .
i always start with a act of a act , an idea .
and then it &apos;s about the combination of different images .
and here &apos;s every piece of very good planned .
and then if you make good footage , the result can be pretty beautiful , and also pretty realistic .
so there are all tools there , and the only thing that we &apos;re limited is our imagination .
thank you .
i &apos;d like to talk to you about why so many electronic people fail .
and i think the most important point is that we stopped talking to our patients .
and one of the things we &apos;ve introduced is to make a look at a more powerful .
it &apos;s not particularly scientifically , and it &apos;s not a scientific cup of coffee or tea and ask the patients , families , relatives , &quot; how does it go ?
how can we help you ? &quot;
and we think we want to think that this is one of the main problems , why all of the electronic ones are failing : because we stopped listening .
this is my favorite thing . a very simple thing .
she has a button , / em .
and every morning i &apos;m going to get it .
and yes , i have a task , like you might recognize .
i have my job at 95 pounds of physical .
it &apos;s just working : every time i get on the scale , they send my data to google health .
and there they are also going to be from my favorite vote , so he can see where my favorite is , and that &apos;s not just in the moment i need to support or something .
but there &apos;s something else .
maybe you know that , i &apos;ve got over 4,000 of them , i have 4,000 of them .
so every morning i &apos;m going to get on my favorite and people talking to me before i &apos;m sitting in the car , &quot; lunch just a little bit of a variety of a variety of time . &quot;
but that &apos;s the most important thing that can happen because this is the pressure pressure , pressure , to help patients , because that could be used against obesity , or it could smoke .
but it could also be used to get people from their chairs to get them together , and they &apos;re going to be able to play any kind of game to control their health .
next week , that &apos;s coming on the market .
there &apos;s this little kind of thing that you &apos;re going to do on a iphone or something that you &apos;re doing .
and it &apos;s going to allow people to measure their blood pressure , to send it to their doctor and share it with other people , for something more than 100 dollars .
in this point , the patients come into play . they can &apos;t just take control of control , captain on their own ship , but we can also help the health care of the culture , and the most important health system .
do they make ways to use that easy and start to hug them with this , patients in the team .
and that can be able to reach through these kinds of ways , but also through causality .
and one of the things we &apos;ve done is i want to share with you a quick video .
we have all the most important in our cars .
maybe in our mobile phones .
we know exactly where all the other people are around .
we know one , where all stations stations are .
and clear , we can find a lot of things .
but where would the next one be the next to help this patient ?
we have a little bit of the time , and nobody knew it .
nobody knew where the next life-saving was going to find in this moment .
so , what did we do ? we did it in the netherlands .
we built a website and asked a crowd , &quot; if you see a little bit of a sudden , please share with us where he &apos;s on , &quot; because sometimes he &apos;s closed , of course .
and over 10,000 , and over 10,000 , in the netherlands .
the next step was to find apps for this .
and we &apos;ve designed a little bit of a time .
we &apos;ve developed an app for the most profound , extended reality to find these things .
and if you &apos;re in a city like a city , and somebody are going to go to your iphone , you can use your iphone , and you can get your iphone to find the next two .
and today we want to do this not only as a result of the product , like the product called the product , but also as a result of the way .
and we want to bring this to a global level .
and we ask our colleagues all over the world , from other universities , to help us help how to behave like this , to keep these things around the world .
and if you &apos;re in vacation and somebody &apos;s going to go , it &apos;s your own intimacy or somebody else , you can find a little bit of a sudden .
the other thing we want to ask is that companies are helping us all over the world at the most powerful of these things .
these could be a lot of the time , or technicians for example , just to make sure that the most of the time is still in its place .
please help us and try to improve the health doesn &apos;t just make something better , but take to take the hand .
thank you .
today i &apos;m going to report unexpected discoveries .
i work in the most of the time .
and my little bit of a little bit of the time that we want to force to do it by doing it ...
... it &apos;s going to be paying attention .
here &apos;s a quick video about what we do .
oh . a moment .
it may take , until it &apos;s beaten .
now -- we can just skip that -- i &apos;m just going to skip the video ...
no .
that &apos;s not ...
okay .
and the way that &apos;s ...
oh , my time is over ?
okay . thank you .
so a few years ago , i started to get a program to get the stars in technology and design , to take a year to take a year and work in a environment that &apos;s so much all you hate , we &apos;ve got them in the government .
the program is called &quot; code for america &quot; and it &apos;s a little bit like the most of the time for geeks .
we choose some fellows every year , and we &apos;re working with the work of the work .
instead of sending them into the third world , we send them into the most important world .
and there they developed great apps , working with urban employees .
but what you really do is to show what &apos;s possible today with technology .
so they meet al .
al is a very common in the city boston .
here it looks like he &apos;s looking for a date , but what he really looks like is somebody who &apos;s going to be able to be able to be a lot of the time he &apos;s going to know , he &apos;s not very good in the most of the time he &apos;s going to be .
how did he come to look for this particular kind of thing ?
we had a team of fellows last year , in boston , in boston , the code for america .
they were in february , and it has a lot of a lot of a lot of a time .
and they realized that the city never was going to be free to do this fire fire .
but a particular fellow , a man named erik , noticed something else and that was that the residents are free to be free , right before these parts .
so he did what everybody would do , he wrote an app .
it &apos;s a nice little app where you can analyze a fire fire .
you &apos;re going to be able to lift it to it , if it &apos;s a game .
if you do that , you can give him a name , and he called the first al .
if you don &apos;t do that , somebody can take it away .
so there &apos;s a nice little game game .
this is a modest little app .
it &apos;s probably the smallest of 21 apps that wrote the fellows in the last year .
but she does something that doesn &apos;t do other things .
it &apos;s spreading fast .
there &apos;s this guy in the most of the time , the city of the city , who has seen that he could use this app , not for snow , but so that the citizens are holding the citizens .
it &apos;s very important that these are working , but people steal the batteries .
so he got the citizens to check them .
and then seattle decided to use the app to get the citizens to clean the water .
and chicago just introduced them to the people who are the most powerful , if it &apos;s a game .
we know nine cities that plan to use this app .
and she has a lot of times spreading organic , of course .
if you know something about the most of the time , you know it &apos;s not going to be so forth .
the characteristic of software takes a few years .
we had a team that was working on a project last year in boston , for three people .
it was about a method that parents can find out what the right public schools are for their children .
we &apos;ve been told that if it would go across the normal channels , it took over two years and it would have cost over two million dollars .
and that &apos;s nothing else .
there &apos;s a project currently in the california law that has been given the most powerful two billion dollars , and it doesn &apos;t work .
and there are projects like this on every level of government .
so an app that &apos;s written in a few days , and then spread from the water , is a shot of the bug on the institution of government .
it shows how the government could work better -- not more like a trade company , like many people think they should .
and not even like a kind of a , but more like the internet itself .
and that means free access to that means open and productive .
and that &apos;s important .
but more importantly , that app is that it represents a new generation that &apos;s the problem of government -- not as the problem of a car institution , but as a problem of collective action .
and that &apos;s a very good news , because it turns out we &apos;re very good in collective action with digital technology .
now there &apos;s a big community of people who make tools that we need to make things effective in common .
it &apos;s not just &quot; code for america , &quot; there are hundreds of people in the entire country , who write up and write every day in their own communities .
they don &apos;t give the government to be given .
they &apos;re dreadful frustrated with her , but they don &apos;t complain about it , they fix them .
and these people know something we lost from the eyes .
and that &apos;s when you all forget your feelings about politics and the snake and all the other things that we really upset is government , in the core , in the words of tim o .
today , a lot of people have given the government .
and if you &apos;re one of those people , please i think you &apos;re going to be able to do it because things change .
politics doesn &apos;t change ; the government is in change .
and because the government finally gives their power out of us -- they &apos;re like , &quot; we &apos;re going to think of the people ? &quot;
i didn &apos;t know very much about government than i started this program .
and as many people , i thought it &apos;s mostly about choosing people in office .
now after two years , i &apos;ve come to the conclusion that it &apos;s all in communities to go to the communities .
that &apos;s calling the service for service and information .
you usually come out there when you put it into your city .
if you ever have the chance to work in your urban language , like our fellow scott , as part of the program -- in fact , you do all that -- you &apos;re going to see that people who call government .
so scott gets this kind of thing .
he &apos;s going to type &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot;
and he didn &apos;t really have an idea . he starts with the most of the time .
and finally , he says , &quot; look , can you just open all doors in your house and play very cool music and see if the livestock are going to be the most of the time ? &quot;
and that worked . round for scott .
but that wasn &apos;t the end of the world &apos;s end .
boston didn &apos;t just call a call .
it has an app , a more a , and it &apos;s a graphic , called &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot;
we didn &apos;t write this app .
this is the work very clever people in the office of the new urban city in boston .
one day -- that &apos;s a actual report -- this is , &quot; the &quot; &quot; i &apos;m going to be in my remote . can &apos;t say if you &apos;re dead .
how do i get them away ? &quot;
but what happens to &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot;
scott talked about human being .
but on &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot;
and in this case , it saw a neighbor .
and the next post we have was , &quot; i went over there , found the remote behind the house .
and the most of the time ? yes . alive ?
turned the remote on the side . went home .
good night , cute of the time . &quot;
pretty simple .
that &apos;s great . here &apos;s what the digital is the physical .
and it &apos;s also a good example of how government is to upload the government .
but it &apos;s also a great example of government than platform .
and i don &apos;t necessarily mean a technical definition of the platform .
i &apos;m going to talk about a platform for people to help themselves and help others .
a citizen helped another citizen , but the government played a central role .
they connected these two people .
and you could have connecting them to the state of state , if these were needed , but a neighbor is a far better and cheaper alternative to come to come to come to come to state services .
if a neighbor helps the other , we &apos;re our communities .
let &apos;s call the most money , it costs a lot of money .
one of the most important things is that we need to think about it is that government is not the same as politics .
and most people understand that , but they believe that one is the input of the other .
that our contribution to the system is that .
how often did we choose a political leader -- and sometimes we use a lot of energy to choose a new political leaders -- and then we &apos;re expecting to get back and we expect the government to reflect our values and then we don &apos;t expect the government to reflect our values and then we &apos;re going to expect the government to reflect our values and then we don &apos;t expect the government to reflect our values and then we &apos;re going to be able to do it .
that &apos;s because the government is like a further ocean , and politics is the top of the top .
and what &apos;s underneath is what we call bureaucracy .
and we use this word with these contempt .
but it &apos;s this contempt that we have , and we pay for the ones that we &apos;re paying , something else , and then we &apos;re going to be able to do something else .
people seem to think politics is sexy .
if we want that institution to work for us , we need to make bureaucracy sexy .
because that &apos;s where the real thing is happening .
we need to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be the government .
so the most important thing has done it .
have you seen these guys ?
it &apos;s a group of normal citizens written a very detailed report , which has a answer to the most sophisticated report about the most of the time to the most of the time .
that &apos;s not political active , that &apos;s active .
well , for those of us who have given the government , it &apos;s time that we think about the world that we want to leave our children .
you have to imagine the enormous challenges that you have to ask .
do we really believe that we need to do what we need to do without improving an institution that can act in the name of all of us ?
a government is absolutely necessary , but that must be more efficient .
the good news is that technology is possible to make the function of government in a way that can actually achieve something by the society .
and there &apos;s a generation that grew up the internet , and that knows that it &apos;s not so hard to do things together , you have to build the only systems .
now the average age of our fellows is 28 , so i &apos;m , unfortunately , almost a generation older than most of you .
this is a generation that grew up with this , to see their voice as granted .
they don &apos;t fight this fight that we all fight , about who can speak ; they can talk to all .
you can make your opinion , to every channel , to every time , and you do it .
so , if you &apos;re faced with the problem of government , you don &apos;t care about using your voices .
they use their hands .
they use their hands to write applications that improve the work of government .
and these apps let us use our hands to improve our communities .
that could be , a fire fire , a mess to concentrate a trash with a trash .
and sure , we would have these fire fire that can be able to be the whole time , and many people do that .
but these apps are like small digital memories that we &apos;re not just consumers , and we &apos;re not just consumers who are paying taxes and they &apos;re tracking the cause .
we &apos;re more than that , we &apos;re citizens .
and we &apos;re not going to improve the government until we improve the citizenship .
so the question i &apos;ve all got for you is : if it &apos;s about the big , important things that we need to do together , will we just be a lot of voices , or will we be a lot of hands ?
thank you .
usually my role is to explain the people like wonderful the new technologies , which are the emergence of the emergence , and i thought , i &apos;m going to tell you what i really think is .
i &apos;m going to start to show you a single boring slide .
... could you please show the slide .
that &apos;s a slide that i chose from my folder .
it &apos;s not about the details of the slide , but it &apos;s actually about the general form .
this slide shows data of a analysis of the performance of the performance of the performance of the performance of the brain , with the performance of a computer area .
the interesting here is that this slide , like some other , what we often find in our field , is a kind of a way on a human curve .
with other words , everybody &apos;s step here is a power in the most of the time .
and that &apos;s a novelty that we need to use this guy on the ground of the technology in the technology of technology .
something very strange happens here .
this is essentially what i &apos;m going to talk about here .
so , if you could turn the light back .
something else , because i &apos;m going to draw something on paper here .
now , why do we draw graphs in technology on the technology ?
the reason that i would draw it is when i would draw it on a normal curve where , say , this is the years , so the timeline of a kind of thing that i want to represent with a graph is going to be the graph .
and then look like this .
and that doesn &apos;t tell us much .
now , if i want to record another technology , we &apos;ll say , a little bit of a time , then that &apos;s very irrational to the scale of the scale , in form of a flat line .
but if something happens like this , it changes the circumstances .
so if the most of the time the most common as the most common progression of the progression , we could get a taxi in a taxi and would be in 30 seconds .
but that &apos;s not so fast .
there was never before in the history of the world &apos;s history , this kind of kind of kind of kind of thing that the scale is all more than any more .
the question i want to ask you is , if you look at this exponential curves , you don &apos;t go to forever .
it &apos;s not possible that everything for forever and forever is so fast .
there are two options .
either it &apos;s going to be a classic classic , like here , until something completely new , or it &apos;s going to happen here .
that &apos;s about it .
well , i &apos;m an optimist , so i think something like this is going to happen in the way .
it &apos;s really like that , then we &apos;re in the middle of a transition in the middle of a transition .
we &apos;re here on this line , in a transition of the world , to a new kind of world .
so the question i want to ask is , and i often have myself a lot of myself , is how this new world will be likely to be ?
what is this new state that takes the world slowly ?
because the transition seems very , very confusing to be very confusing when you &apos;re in the middle .
when i was a kid , when i was a kid , the future was somewhere in 2000 and people often talked about what would happen in 2000 .
now we have a conference where people talk about the future and you &apos;re stuck that the future is still in 2000 .
and we &apos;re not going to go to that .
so in other words , the future is being described every year for me to be a year .
i think the reason is that we realize that it &apos;s going to be something in the way .
the transition is happening . we can all feel .
and we know that there &apos;s just no sense to try to look at 30 or 50 years in the future because everything is going to be so different that a simple leader of what we &apos;re doing now is not a sense of what we &apos;re doing .
i want to talk about what that might be , this transition in the we are right now .
to do this , i &apos;m going to talk about some other things , which really don &apos;t have anything with technology or computers .
because i think that &apos;s really to understand this , we have to go back and look at the thing on a longer .
and i want to look at this on the counter of the earth .
i think the big picture makes sense if you split it into some of the things .
so let &apos;s go back , and that &apos;s 2.5 billion years . the earth was a big , a big , more , very much , with many chemicals .
now , if you look at the way that these chemicals were organized , there &apos;s a pretty good picture about how they were the most important thing .
i also believe there are theories that start to understand how everything has started with rna , but i &apos;m going to tell you a double story of what &apos;s going on for chemicals .
some of these oil oil contain a special combination of chemicals that allowed them to integrate other chemicals from the outside and grow .
all the ones were , they started to have .
these little oil oil were the most primitive oil system .
but these oil spills were not about alive in today &apos;s sense , because every single one of them was just a little , mild recipe of chemicals .
and every time it shared , the chemicals have been distributed to more than more than that .
so every approximation was a little different .
in fact , the dow grew , which had a for growth , faster than others and integrated more chemicals from the outside and shared faster .
so these colonies are , longer to survive and they were breaking into the extent of the extent .
so this is just a very simple chemical form of life , but more interesting it will be if these jets learned a trick about abstraction .
in any way we don &apos;t understand what we &apos;re not quite understanding , these jets have learned the ability to make information .
they learned to store the recipe of the cell as information , and that &apos;s a certain chemical form that we call dna .
with other words , they have found in this kind of this , evolutionary way , evolutionary art , which allowed them to be able to be able to get this information and be copied .
the amazing thing about it is that this kind of information is to store information about the time of 2.5 billion years , in the same way that they were born .
in fact , the recipe is for us , which is our genes , from exactly the same code and the same notation .
and that &apos;s what every living is used , and the same code and the same code .
we &apos;re so far that we can only write , just in this code , even in this code .
and i have 100 of a white of a white white , which i &apos;m trying to keep in airports from the most of the time .
it &apos;s -- what i did is i took this code -- the code is from normal letters , which we use to run -- and i wrote my business card for a piece of dna .
so if someone wants a hundred million copies of my business card , i have enough for everybody in this room and even for everybody on this world , and it &apos;s right here .
i would have been a little bit of a sudden , then i would have written them on a virus and collapsed in the room .
so what is the next step ?
the dna of dna was an interesting step .
and the most of the time that cells -- that made them happy for another billion years .
but then another thing happened , very interesting , very interesting , where things were completely different . which is the cells to communicate and exchange information , so that communities were coming from cells .
i don &apos;t know if you knew that , but bacteria can actually exchange their dna .
that &apos;s why the reason to antibiotics is the ones that are growing .
some bacteria have found how they can stay from penicillin and they have this information together with other bacteria in the dna and now we have a lot of bacteria that are resistant to penicillin because the bacteria communicate .
now , this communication allowed the reasons to be the reasons of communities that were in a sense of the same boat ; they were a lot of the time .
so they either survived together , or they went together . that meant that if a community was successful , all individuals were labeled more often and from evolution .
now the most important thing is , where these communities are so close to the whole community , they decided to write the recipe for the whole community in a human being .
and the next interesting phase took about a billion years .
we have new communities at that point , communities of many of the most different things that are acting together as a single organism .
in fact , we &apos;re such a new community .
we have a lot of cells that are not asked to be alone .
your skin cells are useless without heart cells , muscle cells , brain cells and so on .
so these communities started to develop , so that the level , which was what evolution happened , not longer the individual cell , but the whole thing we call the organism .
the next step is now happening within these communities .
the most important thing started to abstract information .
and they developed special structures that didn &apos;t make anything else than information within the organism .
and these are the neural structures .
so the neurons are the most of the most important , which have built these things .
they started to train specialists within the community , special structures , which were responsible for learning , and they &apos;re holding information .
and this was the brain and the nervous system of these communities .
these were a evolutionary advantage .
because at that point , a individual -- learning is now within the time of life of a single organism , rather than these evolutionary time .
so a organism could learn to learn a certain internal system , because they liked bad and made it sick , the last time he ate her .
now , this could happen within the lifespan of a single organism , whereas hundreds of thousands of years were needed because this information had to be learned by the individuals who died because of these of the fruit .
so the nervous system has the most of the time that the evolution of this particular is because evolution could now be within a individual place .
she could be able to be in a time of a time .
what happened after that is that the individual organisms found a way to communicate each other .
as an example , the most important thing that &apos;s known is the human language of this kind of thing that &apos;s human language .
it &apos;s a fairly amazing invention when you think about it .
i have a very complicated , very complicated , and i was a very complicated idea in my head .
i &apos;m sitting here and i &apos;m basically going to give you a sound of sound , in hope , in hope that have a similar idea in your head , which has a certain similarity with my original idea .
so we take something very complicated , it tastes in sound , a sequence of sound , and produce something very complicated in the heads of other .
so this allows us to work as a unified organism .
and what we actually did is we have the humanity , we started abstract .
we go through the same stages , which have gone through the abstraction of our methods , how we hold data , present .
the invention of language was a little step in this direction .
and the computer , computers , the , aluminum , aluminum and so on , are all our recycled mechanisms that we built in our community to handle this information .
and it connects us all together to something that is much bigger , and also to develop it faster than we were .
so today evolution can happen in the time of microseconds .
you &apos;ve seen a little bit of the little little of the time where he showed a little bit of evolution in the &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; program &quot; before your eyes .
so we have the most important time again .
the first steps of history , which i told you , is a billion years per piece .
the next steps , like the nervous system and the brain , does some hundred million years .
then the steps , as language and so on , is less than a million years .
and this next steps , like electronics , seem to take a few decades .
the process is feeding itself and will be , i think , is the word for it -- if something its own is more increasing .
the more it changes , the faster it changes .
and i think that &apos;s what we see here in this explosion curve .
we see the process that feed itself .
i live from building computers and i know i &apos;m using the mechanism that i use to build computers , not use the before that recently .
my current activity is to design objects with such a high complexity that it &apos;s impossible to design this in traditional sense .
i don &apos;t know what every single transistor in the world &apos;s power .
it has billions of those .
what i do instead , and what the designers of thinking do is we think we &apos;re thinking about a certain more , more , more , and the machine is doing something that we could have far more and faster than we could ever do .
and it makes it partly with methods that we don &apos;t even understand until now .
a method that &apos;s particularly interesting , and what i &apos;ve been using in the last time is evolution itself .
we install a little bit of a sudden in the machine , which is in the world &apos;s population .
to call an example , in the most extreme cases , we can make a program that developed from random instructions .
we say , &quot; computers , please a hundred million randomly randomly sequences of instructions .
now , please , please , all of these randomly elected instructions , all the programs , and choose the ones that are my mind on the next . &quot;
so in other words , i define what i want .
let &apos;s say , i want to be able to get numbers that would be a simple example of which i &apos;ve used for this .
so find programs that can be used on the most likely numbers .
of course , the chance is that the chance of randomly elected instructions is very small that they &apos;re just making numbers , so they &apos;re not going to actually do that .
but one of those who may be lucky with something about happiness is the right order .
now i say , &quot; computers , take the 10 percent of the sequences , which came to my mind .
store this , the rest of the rest .
now all the time the entire market , the numbers of the best bicycle .
and that &apos;s a way of the kind of thing that &apos;s the kind of interaction , analog to reproduction . &quot;
take two programs and they produce children through the exchange of their own , and the children are the features of the most of the most powerful programs .
so i have a new generation of programs that came through combinations of programs , which are a little closer to the actions of the process than others .
tell , &quot; please repeat this process . &quot;
they &apos;re going to .
maybe some mutations are going to be a few mutations .
and try all over the time with another generation .
all of these generations need only a few milliseconds .
and so i can let a evolution go through millions of years in the computer within less minutes , or in more complicated cases , some hours .
finally , i get programs that can make numbers perfect .
the fact is , these programs are so much more efficient than any program i could ever have from hand .
if i look at these programs , i can &apos;t say how they work .
i tried to understand them .
it &apos;s low-cost and strange programs .
but they do the job .
i know and i &apos;m sure you do the job , because you come from a series of a series of the programs that have done the job .
because your life was going to be if you did the job right .
i sat in a 747 with marvin , and i was in a field of marvin , and he says , &quot; oh look . look at that . look at that .
there &apos;s this airplane , &quot; this airplane is made of the same , which is working together to make your flight safer . &quot;
we know that a computer is not optimal if it &apos;s too complicated .
so we start leaving computers , for a process , which is different from classical engineering .
he allows us to make things with a much higher complexity than it allows the normal methods to produce .
and yet , we don &apos;t understand the possibilities of it yet .
so , let &apos;s apply the technology .
we use these programs now to make the computer much faster , so we &apos;re able to do that processes faster .
so it &apos;s a kind of a computer .
it &apos;s going to be faster and faster and i think that &apos;s why it seems confusing .
because all these new technologies are feeding themselves today .
we &apos;re raise .
we &apos;re at a point that is analog to then , as a result of the analog .
so we &apos;re the most important and we can &apos;t do what we &apos;re actually doing here , which is what we &apos;re doing in the hell .
we &apos;re in the middle of this .
but i really believe that after us , it &apos;s coming to something .
i think it &apos;s very much of us to say that we are the final of evolution .
and i think we all are part of the creation of what &apos;s next .
now , lunch is before and i think i &apos;m going to hear here before i &apos;m going to be more .
my story begins right here in rajasthan , about two years ago .
i was under the sky in the desert with the sky with the most of the time with the ground .
we talked about it , nothing has changed since the time of ancient indian , &quot; mahabharata . &quot;
if we wanted to travel indians at the time , we went into a car and the sky .
now we &apos;re doing that with airplanes .
then , when the great indian was thirst , he took a bow , recording in the floor and water came out .
now we &apos;re doing that with the most of the time and machines .
we came to the conclusion that magic and magic were replaced by machines .
that really made me sad .
i got a little bit scared of technology .
it was afraid that i could lose the ability to lose the sunset without camera and without tweet to my friends .
i found that technology should make magic and not kill .
when i was a little girl , my grandfather gave me his little silver .
this piece of 50 years old technology was the most important thing for me .
she was a little bit of access to a world full of pirates and the images of the images in my imagination .
i came up with it as thought of our sending clocks and cameras of it .
they were inspired by us .
and so i went to the world of technology to see how i could use it to kill magic .
i started to illustrate books .
when i saw the ipad , i saw it as a device to storytelling , the readers on the world .
it can know how we hold it .
it can know where we are .
it &apos;s bringing images and text together , and animation , sound and touch .
storytelling always took more senses .
but what do we do with that ?
i &apos;m just going to go to the to get an interactive ipad app .
here &apos;s , &quot; take your fingers on every light . &quot;
and so -- here &apos;s , &quot; this box belongs ... &quot; i write my name .
and i &apos;m going to have a character in the book .
and again , a letter falls down for me -- and the ipad knows through gps where i live -- that &apos;s right to me .
the child in me is really excited about this possibilities .
i talked a lot about magic .
i don &apos;t mean a magician and the dragon , but the magic of childhood , those ideas we all had as children .
fireflies in a glass i always found .
so you have to blow up the ipad and the fireflies .
and the light bulb the way through the rest of the book .
another idea that fascinated me as a child is that a whole galaxy can put in a single billboard .
and so here &apos;s why every book is going to be a little bit of a billboard that i &apos;m going to get here to the magic device in the device .
and this opens up a map .
and the most time , they &apos;ve always had maps , but these maps were static .
this map grows and it &apos;s going to be able to make it and it &apos;s going to be able to make the rest of the book .
it also shows other places of the book .
i &apos;m going to go in here .
it &apos;s important for me to create something that is a lot of the time that it &apos;s also very much .
this is the most important thing .
we &apos;ve heard all of the most of the time and the most of the people outside india , but how many people know their indian colleagues , the most of the time ?
the poor was caught thousands of years in the chambers , in an old book , in an old book .
and we bring them back , in an contemporary story for children .
a story that improves with new issues , like the most of the time .
the theme of the last 10 years is that children are sitting in their rooms , in their computers , without out .
but now , with mobile technology , we can take our children into the natural world with their technology .
in a interaction of the book , you &apos;re sent to a search of search . you have to go out and collect the camera of the ipads images of natural objects .
as a child , i had collections of the cape , rocks , and shells and shells .
somehow , the kids don &apos;t do more .
this is going to be brought up . you have to go out to make a picture of a flower and tag a picture .
in another chapter , you have to be a piece of a piece of a little bit of a sudden and tag .
so you actually create a digital collection of photos that you can put online .
a child in london shows the picture of a computer &apos;s picture and says , &quot; oh , i &apos;ve seen a fox . &quot;
a child in india says , &quot; i &apos;ve seen a monkey . &quot;
that creates a kind of social network around a digital collection of photos that you actually recorded .
there &apos;s a variety of possibilities that are magic , the world and technology .
the next book we &apos;re planning to plan is a interaction that you use the video of the ipads and see a animation of mapping reality , which is a plant on a plant before the house .
on a place , the screen is going to be a dog .
you have to make the sound of the most of the time , you blow up and read the rest of the book .
we all move to a world where the forces of technology come closer and can get into magic and technology .
we use the energy of the sun .
we bring our children and we get closer to the natural world and the magic , fun and love of our childhood through the simple medium of a story .
thank you .
this is really a extraordinary honor for me .
i spend most of my time with people in the most of the time , prisons or a half .
i spend most of my time with the social networking in the world &apos;s and places where there are a lot of malware .
here at ted , to see and hear how widespread that is , i &apos;ve given a lot of force .
in the short time , i was a clear one : ted has an identity .
you can tell things that have influence the world .
and sometimes , if something comes over ted , it gets a meaning and force that otherwise wouldn &apos;t have yet .
i say that because i think identity is very important .
we saw some fantastic presentations .
i think we &apos;ve learned that the words of a teacher have meaning , but the words of a driven teacher are particularly meaningful .
as a doctor , you can do good . as a doctor , you can do more .
and so i want to talk about the power of identity .
i didn &apos;t learn that in my work as a lawyer .
i learned that from my grandmother .
i became big in a family , a traditional friend of household , which was dominated by a banana , and this is my grandmother .
she was a little bit of a strong woman , strong woman , she had effect .
she had the last word in every single single room .
she was also the starting start of many differences in our family .
she was the daughter of a computer .
their parents were born in the workforce in virginia as a slave .
she was born around hypertext , and the experience of slavery shaped her view very strong .
my grandmother was strong , but she was also called a lot of it .
if i met them as a little boy , she came to me and gave me a boy .
they put me so special that i could barely breathe . then they got me .
one or two hours later , if i came to her , she came to me and said , &quot; do you feel my eeg ? &quot;
and if i said , &quot; no , &quot; you know , give me a hundred year-old , if i said , &quot; yes , she said me in quiet .
she was something that made that , you wanted to be in your close .
the only problem was that they had 10 children .
my mother was the youngest of her 10 children .
sometimes , if i wanted to spend time with her , it was hard to get your attention .
my cousins went around .
i remember , i have to have been eight or nine , that i woke up a morning and went into the living room . all my cousins went around .
my grandmother was sitting at the end of the room and was in the end of the room .
first , i thought that &apos;s a game .
i saw them and smiles , but she looked very serious .
that was so 15 or 20 minutes . then she stood on and came over to me . she took me to the hand and said , &quot; come on . you and i , we need to talk . &quot;
i remember it as if it was yesterday .
i &apos;m never going to forget it .
she took me out and said , &quot; i &apos;m going to tell you something , but you have to promise that you don &apos;t have to be able to do it . &quot;
i said , &quot; promised , grandmother . &quot;
she said , &quot; i said , &quot; well , i said , &quot; yes . &quot;
she sat down and looked at me . she said , &quot; i want you to see that i &apos;ve seen you . &quot;
she said , &quot; i think you &apos;re something special . &quot;
she said , &quot; i think you can do everything you want to do . &quot;
i &apos;m never going to forget that .
then she said , &quot; you have to promise me only three things , you know . &quot;
i said , &quot; ok , grandmother . &quot;
she said , &quot; first of all , i &apos;m going to love you to love your mom . &quot;
she said , &quot; your mom is my baby and you have to start with promise that you &apos;re going to take care of it . &quot;
i &apos;m aware of my mother , so i said , &quot; yes , grandmother , i &apos;m going to do that . &quot;
then she said , &quot; next to me , you &apos;re going to do the right thing . &quot; even if it falls hard , the right thing is to do . &quot;
i thought , and i said , &quot; yes , grandmother . i promise it . &quot;
finally , she said , &quot; the last thing you have to promise me is &quot; that you never will drink alcohol . &quot;
well , i was nine years old , and i said , &quot; yes , grandmother . i promise it . &quot;
i grew up on the country , in the old , rural south and i have a brother who &apos;s older and a year younger sister .
when i was about 14 or 15 , one day , one day , my brother came home and brought this kind of beer to me and went to the forest .
we just put it around as otherwise as otherwise .
then he took a drink beer and offered my sister &apos;s sister , and she took me , and then she offered me one .
i said , &quot; no , no , no . you &apos;re just doing it . i don &apos;t want beer . &quot;
my brother said , &quot; well , let &apos;s do it . we &apos;re doing it , you &apos;re also doing everything we do .
i had what , your sister had what . go , a beer . &quot;
i said , &quot; i don &apos;t want to do . do you just do it . &quot;
my brother was at me .
he said , &quot; what &apos;s going on with you ? well , what &apos;s going on ? &quot;
then he saw me in the face and said , &quot; oh no , you don &apos;t always do you crazy because of the conversation with grandmother ? &quot;
i said , &quot; what are you talking about ? &quot;
he said , &quot; grandmother tells all grandchildren that they &apos;re special . &quot;
i was destroyed at the ground .
i &apos;m going to tell you something .
i should probably not do that .
this may be a public problem .
i &apos;m 52 years old , and i &apos;m going to drink that i &apos;ve never touched a drop of alcohol .
i don &apos;t say that because i think it &apos;s a lot of time . i say that &apos;s because identity is power .
if we create the right way of creating the right way of identity , we can tell people about us around things that they don &apos;t believe .
we can get them to do things , which they thought they could not .
of course , my grandmother would say all their grandchildren , they &apos;re something special .
my grandfather was during the prison in prison .
my uncle died on the ground disease .
and she believed that this is the themes to be able to care .
i tried to say something about our nervous system .
this country is different than 40 years ago .
in 1900 , 300,000 people were in the city of the prison and in prison .
today , it &apos;s 2.3 million .
the united states today have the highest rate of greenhouse gases .
seven million people are on the line of the line , or with static , or with static .
i think we have changed our world essential .
in social and black parts of the population , despair and the north of the population are tracking despair , because of this changes .
one of three male black black between 18 and 30 is in prison , in prison , on the back of the prison , or with static .
in urban communities everywhere , in the country -- los angeles about philadelphia , baltimore to washington -- are 50 to 60 percent of all black men in prison , in prison , on the street , on the street , on the street .
but our system is not just shaped by questions that have to do with the other , it &apos;s also going to be through poverty .
we have a cup of a system system that they treat much better when they &apos;re rich and guilty of the arm and innocent .
wealth , not the fairy force , affects the result .
yet , we seem to be satisfied with it .
a politics of fear and anger has convinced us that these problems are not our problems .
we lost the contact .
i think that &apos;s interesting .
there &apos;s a few of the things that are there .
my home home report is changing the most difficult thing when they &apos;re convicted of it .
here and today in alabama , 34 percent of the male black population is lost directly .
we predict that in 10 years , the percentage of the civic population is going to be so high as the most of the time of the world &apos;s disease .
the silence is a lot of the time .
i represent kids .
many of my clients are very young .
the united states of america are the only country in the world , the most of the children in prison .
in this case , there are children &apos;s health system , without any of the water , without any of the water .
we &apos;ve already got a lot of process .
the only country of the world .
i represent people in the most difficult .
the death penalty question is an interesting question .
we think because you taught us that the real question is : has a human being , for a human being , to die of it ?
this is a very sensitive question .
but you can also think about it differently , depending on how we see our identity .
the other view is not : has anybody deserve a crime for death , but , have we deserves it to kill ?
i think that &apos;s fascinating .
death penalty in america is defined by error .
on nine people we downloaded , we &apos;ve planted one , which we have for innocent , the turning and from death row .
an amazing thing . one of nine innocent .
i think that &apos;s fascinating .
we would never fly somebody with an airplane if for nine planes , the ones that go , one bar .
but somehow we do it from this problem .
it &apos;s not our problem .
it &apos;s not our burden .
it &apos;s not our fight .
i &apos;m talking a lot about these questions .
i &apos;m talking about race and the question , whether we have the right thing to kill .
and it &apos;s exciting because i &apos;m going to be my students , 160 history of the world , i &apos;m talking about slavery .
i &apos;m talking about terrorism , the time against the end of the curvature , until the beginning of the second world war .
we don &apos;t really know very much about it .
but for the average men in this country , it was a time of terror .
in many areas , people had to fear .
or bombs .
it was the fear of terror that shaped her life .
these older people are coming to me now and say , &quot; mr , kobe , you &apos;re talking about talks . you say that we should stop to do it for the first time in our nation . &quot;
they say , &quot; no -- say , people say we &apos;re growing up with it . &quot;
and after the terrorism of course , the operator came and decades of the most of the time , and the most of the time of the brain motivated , and the americas .
and yet , there &apos;s a dynamic in our country -- we don &apos;t like to talk about our problems .
we don &apos;t like to talk about our history .
and so we don &apos;t really understand what &apos;s important our actions in the historical context .
we &apos;re constantly going to get together .
we always create new tensions and conflicts .
it &apos;s hard to talk about race , and i think that &apos;s not ready to approach us the process of truth and reconciliation .
in south africa , people have understood that the operator is not to overcome without the willingness to truth and reconciliation .
even after the genocide in rwanda , there was this willingness , but not in this country .
i &apos;ve thought some talks in germany about death .
it was fascinating because one of the scientists stood after my talk and said , &quot; you know , it &apos;s deeply humbling , you &apos;re talking about it . &quot;
he said , &quot; in germany , there &apos;s no death penalty .
and of course , it can never give you more . &quot;
it was very silent . then a woman said , &quot; with our story , it &apos;s impossible to kill us for the systematic killing people . &quot;
it would be a lot of us , aware of us , and people are aware of people . &quot;
i thought about it .
as it feels , in a world , in the german state , the german state people have been doing , especially if they were a lot of jews .
it would be a big .
it would be a lot of time .
and yet , here in this country , in the states of the old south , we &apos;re going to be able to do people -- here &apos;s the risk of death , 11 times higher , if it &apos;s black . 22 times higher , when the world &apos;s black is black .
and yet , there &apos;s these mental modernism .
i think our identity is threatened .
if we don &apos;t deal with these difficult issues , the positive and wonderful things are also affected .
we love innovation .
we love technology and creativity .
we love entertainment .
but finally , these realities are going to be a suffering of suffering , abuse , solitude , serotonin .
i hope it &apos;s important to unite both .
because we &apos;re starting to talk about that , we need more hope , more engagement , more commitment to be able to be able to be in a complex world .
for me , it means to make time to think about it , and talk about the poor , the motor , the murder of the never being in ted .
but think about a way that is embedded in our own lives .
we all need to believe things that we can &apos;t see .
we do that . so we &apos;re so rational , so we &apos;re worth intellect .
innovation , creativity , and development don &apos;t just come from our heads .
they come from ideas that are driven by the belief in our hearts .
it &apos;s this kind of thing i think that they &apos;re driving us , not just open to all the light and the dark things , but also for the dark and the dark and the dark and the dark .
hanna &apos;s great politicians , the great politicians , has said .
&quot; when we fought in eastern europe against oppression , we wanted to do everything . but what we needed most of them was hope , a mental awkwardness , the willingness to be in the willingness . &quot;
this mental awkwardness is the core of what i think is also going to be the most important thing to do .
there &apos;s no distinction to be technology and design that allows us to be very human and very human beings , as long as we don &apos;t have eyes and ears .
i want to warn you . this kind of identity challenges very much more than if we didn &apos;t have to do it .
it &apos;s going to touch them deeply .
as a young lawyer , i &apos;m going to meet the big privilege , pink parks .
and then the woman came back to the &quot; back &quot; park , where they were two of their oldest friends , and they were going to be able to get these older women , the most powerful , a tremendous ace of -- and virginia , a white , whose husband ,
so these women met and talked to them .
and then i &apos;m going to go to the woman , and then i said , &quot; i &apos;m going to get a &quot; , &quot; i &apos;m going to talk about it . we want to talk .
do you want to listen to the world and listen ? &quot;
and i said , &quot; yes , very like . &quot;
she said , &quot; and what are you going to do when you &apos;re here ? &quot;
i said , &quot; i &apos;m going to listen . &quot;
and i went over and i just heard about it .
it was always so inspiring , so i was so inspiring .
one day i sat there and heard this women , and after a few hours , ms. parks turned to me , &quot; well , you know , tell me what the initiative are right .
what do you try to do ? &quot;
i started with my usual talk .
i said , &quot; we &apos;re trying to put it on injustice .
and the people want to help people who were convicted of innocent .
we want to fight bias and discrimination in the most common .
we want to eliminate the world &apos;s population without any of the ideas for children .
we want to do something against death penalty .
we want to reduce the number of death .
we want to eliminate a lot of people . &quot;
i thought my usual talk , and then she saw me and said , &quot; well , &quot; i &apos;m going to go . &quot;
she said , &quot; that &apos;s going to be very , very tired . &quot;
then , then , ms. woman was going to be able to get a finger on my face and said , &quot; and so you have to be very , very much , very much . &quot;
and so i think that the ted community should be the ted community .
we need to make ways to ask us to ask these challenges : this problems , this is what this is .
because ultimately , our humanity depends on our humanity .
i &apos;ve learned a lot of things in my work .
i learned a few very simple things .
that we all are more than the worst thing we &apos;ve ever done .
i think that &apos;s true for every person on the planet .
if someone lies , he &apos;s not just a liar .
if someone takes something that doesn &apos;t hear him , he &apos;s not just a poor .
even who kills somebody , not just a murderer .
and because that &apos;s that , there &apos;s a basic human dignity that has to respect the law .
i also believe that in many parts of this country , and with security in many parts of the earth , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
i don &apos;t think that .
i think that in many places , the opposite of poverty is justice .
and finally , i think , although it &apos;s so dramatic , so beautiful and inspiring , and so , we &apos;re not measured at the end of our technology , not on the things that we develop .
finally , a society is not measured by how they treated their rich and powerful and privileged , but they &apos;re treated with the poor , the third , the following .
because in this context , we &apos;re just starting to understand the truly amazing things that make us .
sometimes i &apos;m losing the balance . a story to end .
sometimes i urge too much .
i &apos;m going to be tired of how we all .
sometimes social beings think of our thinking , in very important ways , and it &apos;s a way .
i represent these kids who were convicted of very hard to be honest .
i go to the most of the time , and i &apos;ll go to a client who may be 13 or 14 years old , and that &apos;s a adult court .
then i ask myself , how could that happen ?
how can a judge turn somebody into something that he doesn &apos;t care about ?
the judge looks at him as adults , but i see a child .
one night i stayed too long and thought , my goodness , if a judge can turn us into something else , then he has to have a little bit of the time .
right , the judge , the judge has a lot of time .
you should also be wondering what .
and because it was late , and i couldn &apos;t think right , i started working on a bill .
i had a 14 , poor black young young boys than clients .
and i started with this bill . the headline was , &quot; bill , my arms , 14 black clients like a privileged , white , &quot; to treat a privileged , &quot; to treat . &quot;
in my bill , i explained that error is the most of the time and the police and the police and the police .
there was a crazy line about it that in this country is nothing more respectful , that there &apos;s only error .
the next morning i woke up and didn &apos;t know if i was just screaming this crazy bill or actually wrote him .
and i didn &apos;t just have him written to my theme , but also sent to the court .
a few months went over and i just forgotten everything .
but finally , i decided to do my god , i have to be able to do this in the court and this crazy case .
i went to the car and was really overwhelmed with it .
so i went to the court .
and i thought that &apos;s going to be so hard .
finally , i went from my car and went up to the court .
when i was the staircase to the court , there was a elderly , black man , the janitors in the court .
when he saw me , he came over to me and said , &quot; who are you ? &quot;
i said , &quot; i &apos;m a lawyer . &quot; he said , &quot; you &apos;re lawyer ? &quot; i said , &quot; yes . &quot;
he came to me and gave me a boy .
then he &apos;s going to make me into the ear .
he said , &quot; i &apos;m so proud of you . &quot;
and i have to say , there was power .
it touched something very deep in me , identity , the ability to help every single one , to help a community of hope .
well , i went to the most common .
once the judge saw me .
he said , &quot; mr. godin , did you put this crazy bill ? &quot;
i said , &quot; yes . &quot; and then we started to discuss .
more people came in , just because they were angry .
that i had written this crazy stuff .
and the most of the time came in and the office office and office office .
in the most recent , the most recent thing was , the most angry of people who were angry , we talked about color color , about poverty , about inequality .
i saw the janitors from my favorite and down .
he always saw through the window and hear the whole thing .
he went and down .
finally , this older black man came up with a very high child in the most of the time , and sat behind me , almost on the most of the time .
ten minutes later , the judge announced a pause .
while the break came in , a little bit of a sudden that was the janitors in the most common .
this is the most difficult race running over the older black .
he said , &quot; jimmy , what do you do in the most of the time ? &quot;
the older black man stood on . he saw the most the time he saw me , and he said , &quot; i &apos;m here , to say , &quot; i &apos;m going to say that young man . &quot;
i &apos;ve come to ted because i think many of you have understood that the moral pendulum of the universe is far more going on , but that it &apos;s the justice of justice .
that we &apos;re not completely developed as humans , as long as we don &apos;t care about human rights and the most important .
that our all survival with survival is connected to each individual .
that we have to connect our visions of technology and design , and to connect to the entertainment and creativity , with humanity , pity and justice .
and i want to be able to do that from you , which is that you see that , just say , don &apos;t lose the goal of the eyes . give you not .
they have seen this audience , this community , a obvious wish , and to help them do something .
what can we do ?
and the traumatic review : well , there &apos;s opportunities everywhere .
if you live in california , there &apos;s a little bit of a sudden in this spring where it &apos;s about it , actually , a effort of the world &apos;s disease , which is otherwise flowing in politics .
here , in california , you &apos;re going to be a billion dollars for the death penalty , a billion dollars .
and yet , 46 percent of all the most of the most of the time we don &apos;t end with a coherent .
56 percent of all the time is not coming to court .
there &apos;s the chance to do something .
this is the most important thing that &apos;s going to suggest to you in more sophisticated and security .
i think there are opportunities everywhere .
during the last three decades , the most important thing is the most powerful in america .
this fact is often asked in a context with the increased of the increased .
what would you say to someone who believes that ?
well , in fact , the number of the world &apos;s number is not very changed .
most of the most of the most of the most of the most of the time in this country didn &apos;t really find in the class of the world &apos;s class .
it was the most the launch of the launch .
so the dramatic high numbers come to the prisoners .
we have a lot of the time we have the rhetoric of the punishment .
now we have &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot;
i think we need to do more to help people , who have become victims of a computer , not less .
and i think our current of no helps is helping anybody .
i think that &apos;s what we need to change .
and they really have a string of the visceral .
they &apos;re a inspiring personality .
thank you that you were at ted . thank you .
am a death of death , a leader of a leader .
: famine in somalia . the speaker 3 : spray of the police .
four : get a little bit of the speaker . five : dangerous .
six : social decline . the speaker seven : 65 dead .
eight : the speaker .
different speakers : the mass mass mass . tornado .
recession . a standstill . egypt . egypt . syria .
crisis . death . disaster .
oh my god .
so these are just a few of the clips i &apos;ve collected about the last six months -- but they could have been the last six days . or the last six years .
the fact is that the media prefer to show us negative topics , because our minds get attention to attention to this issues .
and there &apos;s also a very good reason for it .
every second every day , our senses start much more information than our brain can ever process .
and because nothing more important than our survival is the first railway station for all the information of our temporal lobe , the amygdala .
so the amygdala is our early early school system , our favorite .
it &apos;s the entire information , and the whole information on the search of the relationship is to be in our environment .
so if we see the news , we prefer to look for negative news .
and the old adage , &quot; if it &apos;s going to be the demand , &quot; is very true .
now , with all our digital devices , that we have seven days the week , 24 hours a day , it &apos;s not a miracle that we &apos;re pessimistic .
it &apos;s not a miracle that everybody thinks that it &apos;s always worse .
but perhaps this is not the case .
maybe that &apos;s the reality .
maybe the enormous progress that we &apos;ve done in the last century is made by a series of forces that are possible to create us in the next three decades , a world of abundance .
well , i &apos;m not saying that we don &apos;t have a big problem -- climate crisis , water , water and energy problems -- we &apos;ve already got .
and when people are a lot better at that , we &apos;re going to be turning problems on very long term , but they &apos;re going to be able to overcome .
let &apos;s see what we &apos;ve achieved in the last century , so we can predict the development .
in the last 100 years , the average life expectancy has more than doubled , which has been fed to inflation &apos;s population of the world &apos;s population .
child mortality has reduced around a tenth .
it &apos;s coming to the fact that the most powerful , the most powerful , and cost to a interest .
steve pinker has shown us that we &apos;re now living in a very peaceful time of the world &apos;s lives .
and according to charles , the most of the time is the most sacred in the past 130 years of 25 percent .
we live in a really extraordinary time .
and many people forget this .
and we &apos;re constantly increasing our expectations .
in fact , we define poverty .
remember , a big percentage of americans live under the poverty line , access to electricity , water , toilets , the refrigerators , mobile phones , air phones , air phones , air pressure , air cells , air cells , air cells .
the richest capitalists of the last century , the most of the earth , would never have been able to dream about luxury .
the basis for a lot of it form technologies , and these grow up .
my good friend ray kurzweil has shown us that every tool is going to be the information technology , on the curve of moore &apos;s law , and the most 12 to 24 months .
so that &apos;s about the mobile phone in your pocket about a million times less and more than a supercomputer from the &apos; 70s .
now look at this curve .
this is moore &apos;s law of the last hundred years .
notice two things on this curve .
first , as smooth she &apos;s going to -- in good times , war or peace , recession , depression and the most important .
that &apos;s the result of faster computers that build richer computers .
it slowed down for none of our big problems .
and also , despite your logarithmic , the left of your logarithmic on the left is going to be up .
so the growth rate itself accelerating itself .
and on this curve , on the back of moore &apos;s law , we find a series of extraordinary technologies that are available all the way .
&quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot;
how many of you have seen the victory of ibm supercomputer watson at &quot; risk &quot; ?
that was great .
i &apos;ve been looking at the newspapers and looking for the best headlines that i could find .
i love this : &quot; watson &apos;s human opponent . &quot;
&quot; risk &quot; is not a simple game .
it &apos;s about understanding the nuances of language .
imagine that this artificial intelligence is available every owner of a computer &apos;s .
four years ago , ray kurzweil launched and i &apos;m at ted a new university , which is called &quot; luke university . &quot;
we bring our students all these technologies , with special focus , like this , to solve the big challenges of humanity .
and every year we ask the students , companies , products and services that can affect in a decade of billions of people .
think about it , that a group of students can affect the lives of billions of people .
30 years ago , this would have ridiculous .
today we can freeze dozens of companies that have done this right now .
if i think about creating abundance , i don &apos;t mean a life full of luxury for everyone on this planet ; it &apos;s about creating a life full of possibilities .
it &apos;s about creating from the same goods .
scarcity is the most important thing , and technology is a resource of a resource .
here &apos;s an example .
this is the story of blogging , in the middle of the 18th century .
he &apos;s the guy on the left .
he invited the king of the day to dinner .
and the soldiers got a lot of the soldiers , educated self .
but the king of the day got a lot of the time .
aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet , more valuable than gold and a banana .
this is why the dome of the dome was made from aluminum .
although aluminum &apos;s moved percent of the world &apos;s disease , it &apos;s not going to be as pure metal .
it &apos;s connected by oxygen and the most common .
but then the technology was developed by the most powerful , and it made a huge way of thinking that we use it with our favorite use .
then let &apos;s put this analogy in the future .
we think today &apos;s time .
ladies and gentlemen , we live on a planet of the world &apos;s energy , as we use a year .
16 : the energy of the energy is all the lg minutes on the earth &apos;s surface .
it &apos;s not about scarcity , the problem is .
and there &apos;s good news .
in this year , you &apos;ve done it for the first time , the cost of the cost of the solar system in india -- the rupees rupees in comparison to 17 rupees .
the cost of solar fell in the last year to 50 percent .
last month , this has published with a study that shows that until the end of this decade in the sunny areas of the united states , it &apos;s going to cost six cents in the national average .
and if we have a excess , we &apos;ll also have water in the abundance .
let &apos;s talk about the most of the time .
do you remember carl sagan , in 1990 , when it was saturn , was going back to earth ?
he took a famous photograph . how did it be ?
&quot; a &quot; a blue blue frontier . &quot;
because we live on a computer system .
we live on a planet that is covered to 70 percent of water .
yes , it &apos;s the world &apos;s percent of the land , two percent of the land , two percent are the most important , and we &apos;re fighting to be in the planet , but there &apos;s also hope .
and there are new technologies , not in 10 or 20 years , but now .
it &apos;s new to the way that it &apos;s new , the way it &apos;s .
and from a conversation today with dean , one of the innovators of doing it is going to be a little bit of the time i want to share with you -- he gave me permission -- his favorite , &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot;
it can create a thousand gallons of clean drinking water per day -- whether saltwater , flexible water , latrine -- and all that for less than two cents per centimeter .
the president of coca-cola just has a big deal of starting a big bit of a hundred units in developing countries .
and if everything is going on , and i &apos;m very confident , then coca-cola will apply this technology globally in the world .
this is a innovation of innovation that &apos;s today .
and we &apos;ve seen this in mobile phones .
you mean my goodness , we &apos;ll soon reach the 70 percent of mobile phones in developing america to the end of 2013 .
think of it just that a computer phone has a cell phone in the middle of kenya , a better thing than president reagan ago .
and if you look for your smartphone on google , you have more access to knowing and information as president clinton 15 years ago .
they live in a world that has information and communication in abundance , like nobody ever would have predictions .
and it &apos;s better , the things that they &apos;ve spent and i spent several thousand dollars -- gps , and the photo , libraries of books and music , technology to medical imaging -- now , literally , is going to be the most important and cheaper in their cell phone .
and the best thing is , perhaps what we expect in health .
in the last month , i had the pleasure , with the most called &quot; $ 10 million &quot; the 50th x prize . &quot;
we &apos;re asking teams all over the world , all these technologies in a mobile phone that you can talk about , because it &apos;s equipped with ai , you can test it or test your own .
and to win , the device has to make a better diagnosis than a team of doctors .
imagine this device . in the middle of a developing country , where there &apos;s no doctors , but 25 percent of the most of the time and 1.3 percent of the staff of health care .
if this device sequenced a little bit of a sudden or a car , which is not known , it &apos;s called the most successful and prevents a pandemic before your outbreak .
but now the biggest force that we &apos;re going to do is lead to a world of abundance .
i call them &quot; the coming billion . &quot;
the white lines are for population .
we &apos;ve just crossed the most of the time .
and by the way , the biggest largest of the world &apos;s largest energy is a better education and diet in the world .
in 2010 , we had just connected to two billion people online .
until 2020 , we go to the other hand of two billion internet internet .
three billion new heads that we never heard before , the global communication will join .
what do these people need ?
what are you going to consume ? what are you going to want ?
and instead of natural accounting , i see one of the largest economic trials of history .
these people represent several trillion dollars that are going to flow into global economy .
and they &apos;re going to be healthier , and they &apos;re trained to be trained by the most powerful , and they &apos;re going to be trained to use the possibility , 3d standards and &quot; the &quot; more productive computing , &quot; and so much more productive than ever before .
so what can three billion growing , healthy , educated members of the world &apos;s water system ?
how about a sentence of new , never before the voices .
how would it be , the oppressed , where they &apos;re , to give a voice to make attention and create change , for the first time ?
what are these three billion people going to bring ?
how about the way that it was with the most of us that we can &apos;t even predict ?
one of the things i learned through the x prize is that small teams that are motivated by passion and focus are extraordinary things , things that could only create big companies and governments in the past .
i want to finish with a story that really excites me .
there &apos;s a program that may know some of the things .
it &apos;s a game called reciprocity .
it was developed in the university of washington in seattle .
and it &apos;s a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids to explore how the protein is going to develop .
depending on his behavior , we can predict the structure and function .
and this is very important in the most important thing .
so far , this was a problem for supercomputer .
and this game was played by university of university .
and it &apos;s hundreds of thousands of people who have played the game online .
and it showed that today the human recognition pattern is better the proteins than the best supercomputer .
and when these people came and looked at who &apos;s the best of the world , this was not a single single , not a single , not a single , it was somebody from england , manchester , a woman who was working on the day .
ladies and gentlemen , what i &apos;m finding enormous trust in our future is that we have more power than individuals to ask us the big challenges of our planet .
we have access to tools with an exponential technology .
we have the passion of a computer .
we have the capital of the world &apos;s capital .
and we have three billion heads that we can work with online to master the new challenges , and to do what &apos;s needed .
we expect a few extraordinary decades .
thank you .
i think we need to do something against a kind of medical piece of medical culture .
and i think it &apos;s starting to start with a medical medical .
and maybe i &apos;m a long enough enough in business than i can give it a piece of my own wrong to allow this .
but before i &apos;m talking to the actual topic of my talk , let &apos;s start with a little baseball .
hey , why not ?
we &apos;re near the most difficult and move to the world &apos;s population .
we all love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of great statistics .
and there are hundreds of them .
&quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot;
i &apos;m going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have most of you heard that most of you have heard .
it &apos;s the most important of the world &apos;s .
we &apos;re talking about a 300 , if a bat is 300 .
that means that the player is safe three of 10 beats .
that &apos;s the ball of the ball , it &apos;s coming to the same , it &apos;s not caught , and who &apos;s trying to throw the ball to the first base , it didn &apos;t happen in time .
three of 10 10 .
you know how to call a more a bit of a sudden in the pub of the baseball baseball baseball ?
well , really good , maybe a more a bit of a time .
you know how to call a computer
that &apos;s somebody in the rest of the course of three .
and the way ted williams -- like ted williams , the last single baseball baseball dancer player &apos;s baseball dancer on 400 times .
let &apos;s go back to my world of medicine , which i feel about a lot more comfortable or maybe a little bit less than i talked about it .
suppose you have a little bit of a sudden and you &apos;ll be raised to a computer , whose favorite 400 in terms of the most difficult .
somehow , that doesn &apos;t work , right ?
suppose life in a particular remote area and they have a beloved people with neighborhoods and their own , and they &apos;re going to be a hurricane of the world &apos;s disease , which is the most important thing in the world .
but , you know what ?
it &apos;s a lot better . it &apos;s a lot better .
and it &apos;s beating a little bit of a time .
somehow it doesn &apos;t work .
but i &apos;m going to ask you a question .
what do you think the most like the most of the time for a computer or a nurse or a nurse , a computer , should be a more , a computer system ?
1,000 , very good .
the truth is that nobody in the entire medicine knows what a good surgeon or a doctor should be .
but what we do is we &apos;re going to do each of them , including the world , in the world , to be perfect .
never make a mistake , nobody makes it feel about the details , like this .
and that &apos;s the message i took in medical school .
i was a hurricane student .
in high school , a peers said that brian would learn for a blood support .
and so it was .
and i learned in my little little school in my sisters in the sisters , and i &apos;m going to be in the gps general hospital , and i &apos;m going to be able to get a lot of here .
i learned everything .
in my favorite , i learned the origins and tail every branch of every dive , which is from the aorta of the aorta , spontaneous and ordinary .
i even knew the most of the time to democratize the most of the time to the most of the time .
and the time i collected more and more .
and i was good , i was going to be a little bit of a sudden with a little bit of time .
and i left medical school with the impression that i knew , if i knew everything , or at least as much as possible , so close to the insurgency of the mistakes .
and it worked for a time until i met ms. printer .
i was going to be brought on a dinner of a day here in toronto as a woman in toronto , as a woman in the hospital .
i was the most of the time that i was the most of the time in the service service of the service .
and it was my mission when the most of the time was looking for the most of the advice , to study the most powerful advice .
and feedback to my favorite .
i studied ms. wife and she was in the most of the time .
and when i was going to be able to do her , she made sound .
and when i was her chest with the most of the time , i could hear a sound of sound on both sides , which said that she suffered under the heart failure .
this is a state that fails the heart , rather than pump the entire blood , a part of the blood system in the lung and light , so the most of the time came .
and that was not a hard thing to do .
i asked them and made me work on treatment .
i gave her a humble . i gave her medicine to take the pressure from the heart .
i gave her medicine , which we call the water , water pills , so they &apos;re the liquid .
and over a period of period , one of the to two hours , she started feeling better .
i felt really good .
and i made my first mistake ; i sent them home .
i actually made two mistakes .
i sent them home without talking to my favorite .
i didn &apos;t take the way to go and did what i would have been a call at my favorite way to do it with him , so he had a chance to make a chance .
and he knew she would have been able to have more information to her .
maybe i did it with good reason .
maybe i didn &apos;t want to be the most of the doctor &apos;s doctor .
maybe i wanted to be so successful and so that i could be able to take responsibility that i was so able to worry about my patients without having to meet him .
my second mistake was worse .
so i sent them home , i was a quiet voice in me , who tried to tell me , &quot; goldman , no good idea . &quot;
in really missing , it &apos;s very missing to me that i asked the nurse , which was interested in the woman , &quot; do you think that &apos;s okay when you go home ? &quot;
and the nurse thought about it and said , &quot; yeah , i think it &apos;s going to go good . &quot;
i remember it as a decade ago .
so i was heating the most powerful and an ambulance and a portable and brought them home .
and i went back to work .
the rest of the day , i had this gel feeling in my stomach .
but i worked on .
and at the end of the day , i grabbed my things , the hospital and went home to the car to drive home , when i did something else i didn &apos;t do .
i went home through the most of my way home .
and there was another nurse , not the sister who had seen the woman for ms. printer , but another three words , most of the time i know , most of the most of the time i know .
other medical medical companies fear this , but the business care is very special because we &apos;re just seeing the patient so we &apos;re going to see the patient .
the three words of the other day : remember ?
&quot; remember the patient you thought of home ? &quot;
asked the nurse .
&quot; so she &apos;s back , &quot; she said , &quot; she said in this particular way .
so she was back .
she was back and die .
about an hour after that she was going home after i sent them home , she collapsed and the family called the &quot; more &quot; to the most important thing . &quot;
they hardly breathe and was blue .
the most difficult thing was all the strands .
they gave her their own .
they closed them on the most powerful .
i was shocked and until the inside of the inner .
and i through these rollercoaster because they came to the intensive care of the intensive care and i hoped they would recover .
and after two , three days , three days realized that they never would be awakening .
she didn &apos;t suffered a horse .
their family brought together .
and in the course of the next eight or nine days , they found the most of the time .
on the most time , they go to them -- ms. printer , a woman , a mother and grandmother .
you say that you never forget the names of the world &apos;s name .
and that was the first time i learned this .
the next couple of weeks i asked myself and i learned the unhealthy shame , which exists in our medical culture -- i felt myself , isolated , not the way you can speak about the colleagues .
you know , you all know the healthy shame , if you have a secret of the best friend , although this one on the ground is going to be caught and then you get the best friend to do it .
if you &apos;re doing it , you never do the mistakes again .
this is the kind of kind of thing of the most of shame .
the unhealthy way i &apos;m talking about is the ones that make one in the heart .
it &apos;s the one that says that it &apos;s not what you did , but you &apos;re bad .
and that was what i felt .
and it wasn &apos;t on the reason of my favorite , he was very interested in my own .
he talked to the family and i &apos;m sure he &apos;s the beatles and safe , i wouldn &apos;t be sued .
but i asked myself to ask these questions .
why didn &apos;t i ask the most of the time ? why do i send them home ?
and then in my worst moments , how could i make a stupid mistake ?
why did i go to medicine ?
but slowly , it put it .
i started feeling better .
and then on a computer day , there was a hole in the clouds and the sun broke out and i might feel better .
and i was with me , if i doubled my efforts to perfection and never a mistake , that the voice could be the voice .
and she did .
and i worked on .
and then it happened again .
two years later , i had service in the most of the time in a city hospital in a north hospital north of toronto and i &apos;m going to leave a 25 years old man with the most of the old man .
it was much going on and i was in a hurry .
he always showed up here .
i looked at the most pink and it was a little bit pink .
and i gave him a prescription for penicillin and sent him on .
and when he went from the door , he showed his favorite .
two days later , i came to my next day , and my favorite asked to me was going to a conversation in her office .
and she said the three words : do you remember ?
&quot; do you remember the patient with the patient &apos;s patient ? &quot;
it turns out he &apos;s a little bit of a time .
he had an potentially potentially a disease called the disease .
you can google that , but it &apos;s not infection of the most of the most powerful , but it &apos;s the top of the most powerful and causes the most promising of the most powerful .
and fortunately , he didn &apos;t die .
he got a little bit of the time , and he recovered a few days later .
and i went back through the same , and i went through the same of shame and 63 , and i felt made on the work to the work and again .
in a computer , i have two times a little bit of a sudden .
there &apos;s a lot of it that &apos;s already heard about , especially if you think you &apos;re working in a hospital that &apos;s just 14 patients a night .
in both cases , i didn &apos;t send them home and there was no way to put it in their treatment .
i thought he had a little bit of a sudden .
i &apos;m going to be the x-ray of the kidney . when it was without a computer , my colleague was a computer on the patient &apos;s lower right sector and called the surgeons .
the other had strong diarrhea .
i &apos;m going to be able to get a little bit of the time to get him to the and asked my colleagues to report him .
and he did and he was holding a little bit of a time in the right sector , he called the surgeons .
in both cases , it was been a good thing , and it was good .
both cases of mine on me , i &apos;m going to be on .
and i would be happy to tell you that my worst mistake happened only in the first five years , but total nonsense is .
some of my favorite girls happened in the last five years .
alone , financially and without support .
here &apos;s the problem : if i don &apos;t close with my mistakes and talk about them , if i can &apos;t finish the quiet voice , what didn &apos;t really happen to me ?
how can i teach you my mistakes , so that you don &apos;t commit the same ?
if i had only been in a room -- like now , i don &apos;t know what you think about me .
when did you hear the last time of someone who talked about the most of the time of the world &apos;s time ?
oh yeah , they go to a cocktail party and you may hear about any other doctor , but you &apos;re not going to hear somebody about your own mistakes .
if i was in a room full of colleagues , and to ask her immediate support and tell them what i &apos;m telling you , i would not get the end of the second story before it really would be uncomfortable .
and in fact , if i knew or my colleagues , that a computer &apos;s going to have someone lost the wrong leg , they believe i would have to look at him in the eyes .
that &apos;s the system we live in .
it &apos;s a totally denial of mistakes .
it &apos;s a system in which there are two basic positions -- those who do mistakes and those who don &apos;t do that . those who don &apos;t do sleep and the shake .
it &apos;s almost a ideological response as antibodies that attack a human attack .
and there &apos;s the idea that if we &apos;re going to make those ones , the mistakes are going to be connected to medicine that we &apos;re a sure of a difference .
but there are two problems .
in my about 20 years of medical design , and journalism , i created a personal medical study about medical errors and wrong treatments to my first article i wrote for the toronto of star .
and what i learned is that mistakes are absolutely a lot of the time .
we &apos;re working in a system in which every day is going to happen in the same day , which is either a false or wrong , which is always more than the more unequal and more sophisticated and dead .
in this state , about 24,000 canadian on the ground are dying .
in the united states , the institute was carried for medicine , the number of 100,000 .
both of them are strong , because we don &apos;t look at the problem so that we should .
and is the most important thing .
in a computer system , the medical knowledge is doubling all two to three years , we can &apos;t keep keep .
sleep is ubiquitous .
we can &apos;t get rid of it .
we have an cognitive mistake , so we can take a perfect amount of a patient with chest chest chest .
then i take the same patient with the same patient , doing it , and they &apos;re going to give it a slightly easy breath to the breath and suddenly the story of contempt .
i don &apos;t take the same course .
i &apos;m not a robot ; i don &apos;t always do things .
and my patients are not cars ; they don &apos;t always tell me their symptoms in the same way .
all of that is inevitable .
so if you take the system so that i was taught , and all the most common thing is , the end of the way that i was taught is no more left .
and you know the most important thing about people who don &apos;t want to talk about their worst cases ?
in my show , &quot; white &quot; , black species , &quot; i have the habit to say , &quot; this is my worst mistake to the &quot; i would say , &quot; and then i &apos;m going to show him to him .
and then their own handle , they &apos;re found , they &apos;ve been going down to the head , and they &apos;re going to look down and start telling their stories .
they want to tell their stories . they want to share their stories .
they want to be able to say , &quot; look , don &apos;t make the same mistake i &apos;m going to do . &quot;
what you need is a environment that you &apos;re able to do in the situation .
what you need is a new medical culture .
and it starts with a doctor .
the new defined doctor is a human being , white , she knows , it &apos;s not proud of making mistakes , but it &apos;s all about learning it .
they divide their experiences with other .
they &apos;re supporting when other of their mistakes are talking .
and she shows other people &apos;s mistakes , not to be about the most of the time , but in a loving , they &apos;re going to benefit so that all of them benefit .
and she works in a medical culture , which recognizes that people fill the system with life and when that &apos;s so , people do mistakes .
so that &apos;s how the system is developed to create the system that makes it easier to find mistakes that people are inevitable and also allowed to create , they &apos;re going to be able to make the mistakes and actually reward the potential .
my name is brian goldman .
i &apos;m defined the doctor .
i &apos;m a human . i &apos;m doing mistakes .
i was going to be able to do a lot of things , but i &apos;m trying to learn best from it to give it other people .
i don &apos;t know what they &apos;re holding from me , but i can live .
let me close with three of my own words : i remember .
i &apos;m going to talk about a tiny , little idea .
it &apos;s about the most of the time .
and because you can explain this idea in a minute , i &apos;ll tell you three stories to use the time .
the first story is charles darwin , one of my heroes .
you know , he was here in the bookstore .
they like to think that he &apos;s enjoying the &quot; they &apos;re going to hunt , but that &apos;s not true .
it &apos;s actually collected fish .
he described one of them as a very &quot; usually . &quot;
it was a kind of a computer .
until the &apos; 80s , he was able to fish in big style .
now he &apos;s embarrassed on the red list .
this story we &apos;ve heard many times of the galapagos or other places , it &apos;s not very special .
yet , we still come to the galapagos .
we still think they &apos;re originally .
the most important thing they &apos;re doing is they still describe .
what &apos;s happening here ?
the second story is to be a different concept , the most of the time , the most important thing .
because i &apos;ve experienced it when i studied a lagoon in the closet .
i went there because i grew up in europe and wanted to work in africa later .
i thought i could integrate myself .
and i got a bad job and i was convinced that i really don &apos;t work from there .
it was my first juggler .
as you see , the lagoon was the lagoon of the reservation and from a few of them .
there was a lot of time of about 20 inches , a subset of the most of the time .
the principal of this kind of thing were very productive and the fishermen lived well and they were doing good from ghana in ghana .
when i returned 27 years later , the fish was made on half of his size .
the body is five inches .
they were genetically more likely to be more .
it still was fish .
people still were happy .
and the fish also had the happiness to be there .
so it doesn &apos;t change it , and yet everything changed .
my third little story tells me about my favorite story in the introduction of the world &apos;s introduction in southeast asia .
in the &apos; 70s -- more to the beginning of the &apos; 60s -- the west &apos;s europe .
and the world &apos;s , countries who started 100 fish , started the industrial fishing ship of this pretty ugly ship .
i went to this and we did the census in the entire southern sea , and especially in the most southern sea .
we had no words for what we started there .
i know that it was the reason of the ocean .
90 percent of our most of our favorite species were 240 , other animals that are connected to the reason .
the biggest part of the fish , the little dots there on the forest , were the most important , the most of the time .
essentially , the reason of the ocean came on deck and then it was removed .
these images are extraordinary , because the transition is very fast .
within a year , you &apos;re going to lead a survey through and then starts with the spanish fishing .
the reason is changing . from -- in this case -- a hard reason or soft coral is going to be a crap .
this is a dead turtle .
they didn &apos;t eat , you threw them away because they were dead .
once we started a living alive .
she wasn &apos;t necessarily .
then they wanted to kill them , because they could eat them well .
in fact , this mountain is being transported by signs every time you drive in areas , which is never allowed to be fish .
but it &apos;s not going to prove .
we change the world , but we don &apos;t remember it .
we &apos;re going to fit our new level of the new level and call us not in memory , which was there .
if you &apos;re going to get it to it , this is what happens .
on the y-axis , a few good things are : biodiversity , number of the country , the green of their country , the green .
it &apos;s changing . it &apos;s changing , because for people , they &apos;re very much of course .
every generation looks at the images that they take to the beginning of their conscious life than standard and becomes it .
the difference is then seen as loss .
but they don &apos;t take the previous losses true .
there can be a order of changes .
and at the end , they just want to get the main remains .
that &apos;s largely our goal .
we want to get things that are gone or things that are not so much like they were .
you could think that the problem was going to be people who were sure that they were living in the societies , killing animals and they were just aware of a few generations .
because obviously , a animal that was very often , just once , just before it &apos;s going to be .
so you don &apos;t lose a lot of a lot of common animals .
you lose rare animals .
and so it &apos;s not going to be seen as a big loss .
and we &apos;re focusing on the big animals and the sea is the big fish .
they &apos;re going to be rare because we start them .
and the time is , little fish left and we think that &apos;s the most powerful .
the question is , why people accept that .
well , because they don &apos;t know that once it was different .
of course , many people are going to be , scientists , confirm that it was really different .
they &apos;re going to confirm it because the evidence , how they &apos;re dreaming in a former form , are not like they &apos;d like to argue the evidence .
for example , there &apos;s the anecdote that the report of a computer &apos;s report was watching in this area , not used to be used , or not going to be used by the most of the time , because it &apos;s not &quot; scientifically . &quot;
so we have the situation that people don &apos;t know the past , even though we live in sophisticated societies , because they don &apos;t trust the sources of the past .
that shows the enormous big role that can play a marine reserve .
because through marine warming , we basically put the past again .
we &apos;re going to put the past back , which is not able to understand people because the most important thing is changing and very low .
so , people who see a marine reserve and benefit from the process that allows them to make their own .
what about people who don &apos;t have possible , because they don &apos;t have access to the people in the middle west for example ?
here , i think , i think , the art and the film may fill the gap , and simulation .
this is the simulation of chesapeake bay .
a long time ago , there was a long time ago -- 500 years ago .
and the most important thing and you remember , maybe , &quot; avatar . &quot;
if you think about &quot; avatar , &quot; if you think about why people were touching this -- except from the most of the time they were touched by the most of the time ?
because it &apos;s something that has lost in a way that &apos;s lost in a way .
so my only one is , the only one i &apos;m going to give you , is it &apos;s going to be cameron , so he &apos;s going to be &quot; avatar ii &quot; under water .
thank you .
in the &apos; 80s , in communist , in communist , you had to be able to get a typewriter , that &apos;s the government .
they also had to be a sheet of a typewriter from this typewriter .
the reason for that : the government could be avoided , where a text came from .
found a paper with a little bit of the time , and they could find the creator of this thought .
and we couldn &apos;t understand how anyone could do something like that , and how much that would be the speech speech .
in our own countries , we would never do something like this .
but if you buy a new school in 2011 today , you buy a new health of the leading world and print a page , then this page has light yellow yellow on every page that makes the side clear on you and your printer .
that &apos;s what happens today .
and nobody seems to be a half of the things .
and that was an example of what our own governments are doing against us , the citizens , use .
and that &apos;s one of the three main things that are the existing of the existing world today .
let &apos;s look at what &apos;s really happening on the world : we can divide the attacks in categories .
we have three main types .
there are a lot of the time .
for example , this is mr. &apos;s favorite , and that &apos;s a gentleman &apos;s favorite .
and the motives of the world &apos;s very easily is very easy to understand .
these people deserve money .
they use the most important to make a lot of money , a huge pile of money .
there are several known cases of the world &apos;s favorite cases , the most important , which is made your money through attacks .
this is a little bit of the time of the world &apos;s favorite system in estonia .
this is alfred &apos;s .
stephen watts .
and the most of the time .
these are matthew anderson , and they &apos;re going to go and go and so on and so on .
these people are online to wealth , but they &apos;ve been producing it by being used by using horses to make money from our bank , while we &apos;re doing our online test online .
the u.s. intelligence agency is two months ago , the swiss bias of mr. sam &apos;s first account , and on this account , they were a solid million dollars than it was frozen .
mr. diller himself is on free foot , the sabbath is unknown .
and i &apos;m going to argue that today is more likely to be victims of a computer , as a crime in the real world .
and it &apos;s very obvious that this is going to be even worse .
in the future , most crimes are going to play online .
the second second of the second , which we can see today are not motivated by money .
they &apos;re motivated by something else -- protests , a opinion , or through their audience .
groups like anonymous are moved over the last 12 months , and they &apos;re one of the most of the most important things on the field of the world &apos;s field .
so these are the three of the three things : criminals , which are the money of money , like anonymous , which is resistance , but the last group are nations , governments who lead the attacks .
there are cases of how the of the world &apos;s .
it shows a big thing , which is what happens when governments attack their own citizens .
and the u.s. is a more powerful thing from the netherlands -- or it was .
in the last fall , it had to be the end of the day , because it was hacked .
somebody was hacked and had the system printed .
and last week in a meeting with dutch , i asked one of the senior poetry , and i was the question of the group of the group that was possible because of the most possible people died .
and his answer was &quot; yes . &quot;
now , how are people dying in a farmer &apos;s tracks ?
and the most of a sudden is a more powerful .
they sell them .
what do you do with the most of the time ?
now , a certificate needs , if you have a website with a website , with a service of service , for example , lower .
now we all use , or many of us , lower or one of them , but these services are particularly spread in the states like iran , where they know that they can trust more than local players and they &apos;re going to be encrypted .
but you can , if you &apos;re in a foreign foreign .
and the most comfortable and fake .
and that &apos;s what happens in the case of the world &apos;s .
how about the arab spring and the things that are happening in egypt ?
now , in egypt , the wounded artery in april 2011 is the headquarters of egyptian , and they found a lot of records .
in these records , a folder called &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot;
and in this folder , notes were a local company in germany , which had sold the egyptian government a few programs that they were selling -- in very large frame -- any communication of the egyptian citizens .
they had sold this program for a se for the egyptian government .
the most important thing is right here .
so western governments allow governments to be governments with their own citizens , so that they can use their own citizens .
but western governments also help themselves .
for example , in germany , just a few weeks ago , the so-called the so-called the so-called place was found . that was a horses who was used by german to the young of the germans to get their own citizens .
if you &apos;re going to be dying in a computer , you &apos;ll be pretty much aware of your phone .
but today we &apos;re beyond that .
they tap their energy connection .
they use tools like the most the way to get their computers with a horses that allows them to monitor their entire communication , their own communication , their crossing .
so if we think about these things , the obvious answer would be people , &quot; ok , that sounds bad , but it &apos;s not because i &apos;m a good citizen .
i don &apos;t have to worry .
i don &apos;t have to hide anything . &quot;
and this argument doesn &apos;t make sense .
privacy has to be given .
privacy is not to debate .
it &apos;s not a decision between privacy and security .
it &apos;s a decision between freedom and control .
and as we today , in 2011 , our governments like trust , but every right thing we &apos;re doing is to be copied for forever .
and we trust , trust we &apos;re blind to every future government , a government that we might have in 50 years ?
these are the questions that we need to do with the next 50 years .
it may seem strange , but i &apos;m a big fan of the world &apos;s .
the first thing that was made was made the first one , and the first idea of a simple idea : chromosome from cement with the most profound prediction that fit .
and the most quick thing was , very quickly , the most common the world &apos;s most quick in the world .
they put us in the situation to build things that were bigger than we , buildings , bridges , a stone after the other .
essentially , the most popular thing was the building building of our time .
almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , lego came out of this .
it was called the &quot; automatically scientific stone . &quot;
and within the years , lego moved into every household .
it &apos;s estimated that over 400 billion stones were produced -- or 75 stones for every person on this planet .
they don &apos;t have to be an engineer to create beautiful houses , beautiful bridges or beautiful buildings .
lego made it for all possible .
lego has basically the most important , the building building of the world , and it &apos;s made a building block for our imagination .
in the meantime , in the same year , in the same year , the next year announced the next revolution , the next building block .
the transistor was a little bit of a little bit of a sudden that was a world of static , and it was going to be an early thing to get in the world .
as the most important , the transistor allows us to build a lot more complex , more complex rays of the other .
but there &apos;s a little bit of a sudden : the transistor was just for experts .
i personally don &apos;t accept that the building building of our time is for experts , and therefore i decided to change that .
eight years ago , i was at the media lab , and i started studying this idea , how to put the power of engineers in the hand and designers .
a few years ago , i started to develop the most of the time .
let me show you how they work .
and the electronic microwave riots are electronic modules that have a specific function .
they &apos;re a little bit of the light , light , sound , engine and sensor .
and the best thing about it is that they connect to magnets .
so you can &apos;t put them around .
the stones are the stones .
green is copy , blue is electricity , pink is input and orange is wires .
so everything you need to do is connect a blue and a green and you can build it very quickly .
they add a blue to a green , and they can make light .
you can put a switch in between and you have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit .
take the switch out to take a look at a little bit of a sudden that &apos;s here , and they made a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a sudden .
add this to a extra effect for a extra effect , and they made a more made .
i &apos;m going to stop that .
over the simple play , it &apos;s actually pretty powerful .
instead of doing that , you have to program , or you have to get a lot of the time , you can get it to a simple , intuitive gestures .
so to accelerate the inner or slow down , just turn on this button and it makes the impulse faster or slower .
the idea behind the most of the time is that it &apos;s a growing library .
we want to bring every single interaction on this world in a rock stone .
lights , sound , the motors , motors -- all should be available .
we have more than children &apos;s children , and they see them playing with it .
and it was an incredible experience .
the most beautiful thing is , how do you start to understand the electronics that you &apos;re in the everyday life and not learn in school .
like , for example , a little bit of a sudden , or why the doors of the most of the time , or how the doors of the most of the time is responding to touch .
we also brought up to the most of the time .
so we had a designer for example , for example , with no experience in electronic things that started playing with the material .
here we see , with a little bit of the time , paper and water bottles , like the way ...
a few weeks ago , we &apos;ve brought to risd and gave them some designers that had no technical experience -- just box , wood and paper -- and they said , &quot; what do . &quot;
here &apos;s an example of a project that you did , a little bit of a sudden .
but wait , this is really my favorite thing .
it &apos;s a kind of a commodity from play-doh , fear in the darkness .
for those of you , a more material , the electronics was just another material .
and we want to make this material for all available .
so , a open source is open source .
you can go to the website , all the most common and make it yourself .
we want to be the world of creators , the inventor , encourage the buick , because this world , in which we live , this interactive world , we heard .
so , pull them up and start invent them .
thank you .
