now , why does this matter for human health ?
here &apos;s a graph of the dolphins in the hague in the hague .
and i remember sitting on my desk , and i thought , &quot; now i know it . what a great scientific discovery . &quot; but it was so terrible .
they &apos;re always going to be closed around the world and more often , and i think that we should let ourselves let ourselves .
at first i showed you how strong we have the ecosystem of monterey bay , and the most common and all of the problems .
the name of diamonds -- the street -- the street .
about the same time , he asked his mother , &quot; do you know the book of michael &apos;s ? &quot;
we really had fear .
craig here is moving the head .
you saw the skeleton .
we also have this ability .
it &apos;s our modern way of doing something about a little bit of a little bit of the benefits , but i think we should recognize what price .
clay shirky , this great ted company of all the mesh , has the premise that &apos;s been asked to be in the front of the world , so wonderful .
now , there are so many new foundations that are the most important and investment , and the people together , together , in a larger context , in a larger context .
and i &apos;m hopeful because not only philanthropy is organized , and other big parts of social media and business is hard to argue the business as usual .
i &apos;m going to end up with this photograph . it &apos;s in my office , because i always felt a mystic connection to these two men , i &apos;ve never learned to know .
my own research to mobile phones and the research shows that 80 percent of all calls are actually going to four people . 80 percent .
whenever you have a moment , you &apos;re preparing to be a chat .
and with the modern bureaucracy , a very rational approach , where there was a clear separation between the private environment and the public environment .
we &apos;re worried that texting , texting , facebook of the insect &apos;s damage , but the research of research shows the way the most profound relationships can promote the same way to deliver love about ways and the way distance and the water levels .
one of the things we &apos;ve developed in the lab -- we &apos;ve developed several vehicles -- is , as we believe , the first autonomous design of the world .
for example , the brain &apos;s brain tends to create a lot of alpha .
no challenging task .
at the time , the taxpayer spend about $ 60,000 in the year to send a human to jail .
their family has been living for eight generations in a city called the west virginia .
yes .
we can create these local markets and incentives to use the materials to use materials as raw materials for manufacturing .
and we should invest in it .
and he won sometimes , sometimes , you don &apos;t think it &apos;s a little bit of a time in los angeles -- a reason to love l.a. -- in the 1940s .
i started my company to help communities in all the country , using their existing potential to improve the entire quality of life of their people .
and before you don &apos;t have kids , you won &apos;t understand what i mean . &quot;
these deaf people are discovering in adulthood , &quot; community &quot; for themselves .
it always takes time .
true guilt is just a single person from a person , and someone with syndrome is not a person . &quot;
to the people who are not far more .
but i found that i &apos;ve been born the kids i was born , so love that i don &apos;t want to imagine a life without you .
he wouldn &apos;t reach his legs right .
i come from a privileged family . i &apos;ve had a lot of luck .
it &apos;s about two weeks old . and there they are .
this is beginning to start . my son , dimitri -- who &apos;s also here today , many of you know dimitri -- went to cambodia and built from us , built in the way that we were connected to internet .
think about it -- because there &apos;s other people like bill gates who said , &quot; man , you have a real computer . &quot;
in latin , it &apos;s pretty rare . let &apos;s look at some languages .
and guess what ? we won it .
we have a case for this , not to integrate more and more , to keep the prices down to the bottom .
for a more violent , my apartment is about as alien as space .
and we can take care of the issues of the world &apos;s issues .
to speak from a cliff cliff , i was told to be a little bit more like , although i don &apos;t know what party is going to support or attack .
wealth is going to be away from people who are not supposed to call the ticket .
there &apos;s bigger than any of these differences .
none of these most important theories was a full success .
we &apos;re afraid that the world is watching .
and as a lot of these work , we found something , or i found something that really fascinated me , maybe you can remember it .
in fact , it &apos;s happening here -- from light to darkness in six seconds .
i see your faces very precisely .
this is not a term of joy .
this lady here even has a particularly special face , and both sides of it are beautiful .
this thing here , it &apos;s the light of light , if you move , so it gets a little bit of a material object , even though it &apos;s silent -- just just like brilliant that &apos;s done by the reflection .
i had to move this part , but only to a millimeter .
and that one , which i showed you before , was a very complex .
it &apos;s going to win or lose in this moment .
the emotional band between this object and you can form it is a more powerful , which is happening before you think about it at all .
i don &apos;t think we need to make these choices .
it &apos;s also a thought that we &apos;ve forgotten .
i think it takes to return to tradition of the sermon .
we don &apos;t think that way .
and at the end of the day , they &apos;re all on and saying , &quot; thank you , plato , thank you , is shakespeare , thank you , jane austen . &quot;
the other thing is that art shouldn &apos;t explain that artists should not tell their motives , because if they said they were telling them that the magic and we might find it too simple .
art would be one of the tools that we can improve our society .
we may not agree with the resemblance of what religions want to teach us , but we can admire the institutional way that they do .
absolutely . i meet how many of you say , &quot; is there not something that &apos;s bigger than we all , is something else than we all do ? &quot;
because you agree to 90 percent , because you have a similar view of so many things , and you &apos;re polite to other people &apos;s minds .
so he led me from places like chile -- the most popular desert in chile -- after siberia , in underground mines , in the japanese alps , in north america , to antarctica and even the south pole .
it &apos;s the largest lake of the world . it &apos;s 800 miles long .
and they &apos;re not going to believe it , but that &apos;s what &apos;s going to be extraordinary to be called the extraordinary telescope .
this was the hut that robert &apos;s built by robert &apos;s and his men , when they came to antarctica , on their first expedition to the south pole .
remember , these whole wiring are people in extreme cold , in southern asia .
this is an interesting statement , i &apos;ll end up with it .
what people are doing first is book book , which you can look for in the book , and that &apos;s fun .
it was quite a lot of people there .
but how do we scan them all ?
we &apos;ve reached the 10 cents per page when we work with big volume .
i &apos;m not sure what borrow exactly .
a day of hand , about two or three blocks .
with 15 dollars an hour , and about 100 to 150 dollars an hour , we can put a very strong material online , and have a lot of material online .
the question is : is that the world that we want to live in ?
flowers are coming up .
we all know that the earth has problems .
after the form of spores , they rot .
if you go through the landscape , it &apos;s high to your shoes and try to react to the rubble .
across all the dirt .
some of these mushrooms are very happy .
this is an extraordinary rare double .
i did something else that nobody else would have done .
the box of life -- you get a dvd from the ted conference -- you give earth to the earth and water , and you have both of the food and the spores , like the agarikon mushrooms .
i &apos;ve lived in biosphere 2 .
we wanted to know : is life adaptive enough ?
i kind of ate myself in some way .
and the doctor looked at us to make sure whether it was really good .
and all they were doing was to me .
and the time , a part of ethiopia , is one of these places that are amazing and incredibly , incredibly skilled , and i don &apos;t know how people do it , there &apos;s no idea how people do it .
this is the beautiful picture , this is the amazon .
this is actually a very basic one .
i had to think about how to get swallowed and cut , but also how to choose the right person to come into a more productive .
you put the break , you took blood off , you put blood , you look at the blood , put it under the microscope , put the culture , it &apos;s the culture of the body .
but we need a more sophisticated pit , pit pit for patients .
and so , the medicine feels sometimes .
we looked at the wooden towers , we looked at the most sophisticated , and we found that they have technology and education , and then they have something like that , they have checklists .
and it &apos;s just hard to spread .
so these are really immensely many bees , and that &apos;s very significant .
so that means that beekeepers can replace their dead people very well , and they could keep the losses low .
they take their beehives and their families in their families , and they &apos;re going to be twice in the year .
honeybees are in the minority .
take a cave in new york with a $ 15,000 , now , now , it &apos;s 1,000 . this is like san francisco in three years , the population of half the population of half the population .
now , not all of us have meadows , or lawns that we can transform , and so you can always turn a meadow into a shelter in a plastic package .
and i whistled on the holy night of my wife &apos;s family .
and to defend my title -- like the other athlete and other athletes that do -- i thought i &apos;ll do this again , and won again .
that &apos;s very promising .
why ?
the blue blue , the largest living living on our planet . that &apos;s wrong , completely wrong .
during the night , they roll their leaves and reduce the movement , and during the day , the leaves are open -- there &apos;s a lot more movement .
he wrote some very interesting letters on one of his friends , and he wrote the president of the royal society , so the president of the royal society , the largest scientific authority in britain , in which he spoke from a computer party .
so , the human being just inspired by people or the animals , when he made a robot .
she doesn &apos;t know that she &apos;s filmed .
and when it became a common experience , it was funny and something that you could laugh about .
i was inspired by it .
this is in 2005 .
she got two of my boys who had hidden cameras in the hidden cameras .
it &apos;s a wonderful way to spend a more wonderful way to look at a stadium in a stadium .
the idea is still in the early , but it looks like this .
this is ted .
and this is the orbit i want to break .
now , kids don &apos;t have the most sophisticated , a special case .
they &apos;re kind of a kind of a design of design .
the ones discovered by natural selection are brilliant , incredibly awesome .
this is what we &apos;ve done on this very high scale .
the ant is not alone .
they just heard this guy .
i really appreciate that .
well , i don &apos;t think that &apos;s what i do .
now maybe we should take it metaphorically .
it &apos;s the devil talking . &quot;
so they &apos;re actually a chord , each of them is a single chord .
men , if you don &apos;t understand anything from this talk , it &apos;s trying to listen to the sound of the talk , and you can change your relationships .
the third problem with headphones is the deafness -- the biotech organization .
and the most wonderful way is a wonderful way .
i &apos;m going to leave you with a taste of the fact that it &apos;s very good for you .
he said , &quot; i don &apos;t know , but i can show you . &quot;
look what &apos;s in the middle .
you look at this direction , so i &apos;ll close it here .
we thought this guy was materials .
it &apos;s actually seven billion of the people who follow all their own passion , and they all come together as part of a piece of a , and create this world -- in their own , and in their kitchens .
and yet , you can hear black holes , even if you &apos;re invisible , the reason is that you &apos;re playing on the space-time of the like on a drum .
but our sun is not going to end as black hole .
now we &apos;ve never seen a shadow of a black hole , but black holes can hear , even if they &apos;re invisible .
we can predict how that will sound .
it &apos;s also supposed to give a mission for space , which hopefully will start within the next 10 years . it &apos;s called lisa .
it &apos;s closer and closer -- 40,000 years ago we painted even more sophisticated .
trees represent a standstill .
that &apos;s what i think is movement .
we &apos;re critical to the west , the view of the west , which is our identity -- the picture , what &apos;s drawn from us , about our women , about our politics , about our politics .
but instead , i found a country that was completely ideological and i didn &apos;t get more of the time .
that iran once was a secular society , and we had a democracy , and that we had stolen democracy from the american government and from the british government .
i &apos;m standing here to say that the iranian women have found a new voice , and their voice gives me my voice .
on this self , a size , a wholeness , is going to focus .
there &apos;s no american compassion .
maybe the swami is right .
they learn swimming through swimming . they &apos;re learning wheel through wheel .
the fossil of this animal will only be found in south america -- a beautiful clear field here -- and in this part of africa .
you just look at these videos . if you &apos;re bored , you just go on .
but i was thrilled and so forth .
the khan academy videos are also there .
this is the moving and reflect from functions .
red means they &apos;re going to be a little bit of the time .
a lot of the efforts to make the classroom focused on human beings is to be on the &quot; student teacher . &quot;
and the collaboration that they had with los altos , how did they get done ?
is it ready for the big toss ?
a few months ago , i got a call from a computer phone , where i work .
but it &apos;s just silent , like a silent movie . &quot;
she said , &quot; who is this charles bonnet ? &quot;
for example , when his favorite guy went to him , he said , &quot; and who are these most powerful boys ? &quot;
and then , if you were standing , the young boy suddenly flew up to the top , 30 feet tall , and disappeared .
there &apos;s no such properties of dialogue in these kinds of things .
there &apos;s a domain in the anterior part of this fusiform , and the teeth and eyes are represented , and this part of the fusiform is active when people have the most prolific hallucinations .
&quot; kermit doesn &apos;t mean me . &quot;
sometimes i find them interesting , and i have a lot of pictures of it in my favorite room .
edith widder : i made these pictures with a special camera whose sensitivity of the darkness is equivalent to the darkness of the darkness .
for example , this crab is emitting bioluminescent material in the water , just like a squid or an atom cloud .
this is what a plant looks like , but actually a animal is a animal .
there &apos;s something little that &apos;s going on .
it should attack the hunters of the world &apos;s reserve .
a way to draw a picture would be a picture .
if we get the double helix into your two strands , you see that these things look like teeth .
it &apos;s packaged and it &apos;s called the street .
one is to have a copy of a sausages .
again , these are all the most powerful , scientific design systems .
hold your eyes open and your head in motion .
the ability to put concepts with images of objects and processes .
if the most thin neighborhood is very thin , you can be in care of care and hard work to the world .
i &apos;m here to commit you to support us , to change the way people and other creatures are making things more important .
didn &apos;t come through the most collective , but it &apos;s enabled by collective action that comes from literacy .
the other big narrative of social dilemmas is the tragedy of the commons .
toyota , instead of his suppliers , treated these as a network , and they treat them to produce better , even though they &apos;re also training it , better for their competitors .
thank you .
thank you .
we &apos;re doing two different things here .
in fact , everything about frostbite and difficulties are running and forth -- cold , challenging conditions .
first of all , we &apos;ve developed a little experiment where we gave people legos and asked them to build something .
and if you said , we gave them a new one , and while they were doing this , we have the other thing that they &apos;ve just built , again , apart .
there was a very beautiful relationship between love to lego and the number of the ones .
and i think the ceo in the principle is basically not understood how important meaning is .
but i should point out , by the way , that in the shredder condition , people could cheat .
people didn &apos;t want them .
and we had two types of people .
think of kids now .
and i think in the industrial revolution adam smith was right when karl marx was right , but we &apos;re really in knowledge of knowledge . and now we &apos;re in knowledge knowledge .
this is in modern conflicts , because children are very easily sending up in the war .
the vietnamese of my mother was so bad that she was doing our story to make all the young and girls and girls , new vietnamese names .
afghanistan is one of the poorest countries in the world , and 70 percent of the population are illiterate .
they didn &apos;t want to do that . it &apos;s just happened . they &apos;ve lost control .
and 70 percent won their lives back .
i think that &apos;s what i &apos;ve been doing .
this is the european average for the european average .
up on the right , the same energy consumption has the same energy consumption per person , in about like canada , over 300 light bulbs per person , but the population density is 300 times larger , 1,000 people per square kilometer .
if you really want to get a lot of solar cells , you &apos;d have to take the traditional carbon care system , you have to take the traditional water , you &apos;re not just covering the roof , but the landscape with solar cells .
and a third possibility is nuclear .
i tried it . it works . some of the things call it change .
as a young , since the earliest , i &apos;ve always wanted to be a musician and god was thank god , i &apos;ve become it .
he &apos;s a young one of a community in caracas who ran his favorite in the prison of the village &apos;s office with passion .
it &apos;s encouraging them to put new dreams , new goals and progress in the different opportunities that music has to offer .
this is a technology technology that helps you to do the simple pill that &apos;s going to be put right on the right pill .
how do we call simple , more sophisticated technologies , and that &apos;s the first of five sentences that i &apos;m going to talk about in this talk .
this is what happened . she went into the prison industry .
the first word is &quot; doctor . &quot;
many of these generation will not press the button , even if you have a car company , because you don &apos;t want to drop to the load of the day , even if you paid for a long 30 dollars a month .
the color represents different spaces in the house .
i &apos;m going to show you some of the latest and the most sophisticated inventions of cybercriminals .
if you want your rivalries to go , you &apos;ll go .
how do you get a usb key to a company ?
so let &apos;s imagine that our attacker we call the fun of bad hackers , something called a little bit of a little bit more fun .
there are some other interesting contributions that have uploaded the cybercriminals .
well , you probably ask yourself what happened to these people .
in the middle of you , i could identify hotels in which they were recently , with a lot of precision in the globe .
thank you .
the adults can recognize the juveniles that can recognize the juveniles .
and they &apos;re in something that probably is the blood vessels that are going through the bones .
we all know that these bones are being fed and if you appear to be in acid , it should be nothing left .
the most important ones are the big , wheelchairs , extinct .
and it &apos;s also cool .
a friend , a colleague , dr. hans cronin at the aristotelian university , also engaged with a lot of time .
people always say , &quot; why do you do that ?
and finally , i started writing my book to describe the global scale of this problem , and this shows a single one of the individuals that the individual is in every country in the world .
so imagine that nine biscuits that i found in the trash , represent the world &apos;s largest world &apos;s population , ok ?
this farmer has invested about 16,000 pounds in growing by kinshasa , which he didn &apos;t have a sheet of , because a little grass , that &apos;s a little bit of grass , are fed up to pigs .
it &apos;s a living organism , i cut a piece of a piece , put it in a vase , and it still gave another two weeks .
and if you use these things , you don &apos;t need to do it .
i &apos;m going to go through a few of them .
on the left , after the street .
we need to change the stuff .
here &apos;s einstein , of course , the great , big fan , the great wave of the sentence , and , i &apos;m not sure that the james &apos;s or richard harris is .
and you can see the icosahedron disappears in the dodecahedron , and then they just merge them together .
what a cat cat .
before the horse before the horse .
&quot; 10 milligrams , 20 milligrams . &quot;
so , i said , if i put a circle , i &apos;ll see what the pattern is coming out , and , boom , the red system .
you have to be exactly ! it &apos;s about measurements , the extensions .
there was only two more people in the internet .
i &apos;ll come to talk later .
i mean , all of the time to put it on &quot; the &quot; of your car , &quot; but for the world .
it could definitely be made from people here from the audience .
for example , if we had the chance 350 years ago , we had talked about the current innovation of the military , about the massive innovation of the military , and we could have predictions a era of stability in the world or in europe , or in europe .
now , in this environment where you don &apos;t know whether the potential enemy is prepared to attack or attack , whether the weapons are going to attack the attack , this environment is what most of it is to do .
it &apos;s a huge blue area .
so if you &apos;ve ever imagined yourself in time , to see how a dinosaur looked like a dinosaur , a dinosaur looks like this .
it can &apos;t always shoot and shoot their threads ; it has to let the pants go down .
he never seems to be in a particular girl .
but what i did was a computer company .
you don &apos;t have to worry about the readers in the blink of the city , because if you imagine a shark &apos;s shark , you &apos;ll have your doubt back to the front door .
you will realize a kind of urgency , so much as possible as possible as possible .
my favorite story was wonderful vague : surveys of the wild and pr .
that means i &apos;m going to pull my love to math and to magic to make something that i call &quot; a &quot; propensity . &quot;
audience : 25th .
audience : 457 .
audience : seven . seven .
good . then i try the impossible -- or at least improbable .
audience : november . november ?
of course , i could make a answer to it , and you wouldn &apos;t know it . i &apos;m prepared .
ok , oh , ok , you also have a more powerful one ?
let me explain what that is .
i would love to talk about astronomy , but i think the number of people who are interested in the same atmosphere in the world &apos;s atmosphere and the most important atmosphere in jupiter is the number of people who fit in a more productive fit .
no , if you want to know how society will be in 20 years , you ask a more powerful one .
just two weeks ago , i &apos;ve been -- you know , i have little , middle , big , big , big estate for the exhibition .
my mentor . he came up and spent hour for hour .
i take a lot of time .
right ? that &apos;s simple physics .
if you &apos;re in the book , it &apos;s actually 1,200 .
and i think , oh , the square of the length is proportional to the most profitable .
you would think , you know , with all this extra space we would have a lot of space for all of our stuff .
it &apos;s time that i &apos;m going to be a little bit of this .
would i have a little more freedom ?
north of churchill , the north of the street , there &apos;s no ice in october and november , in october bay .
it cost a lot of years of personal design , before i really started to realize that i really didn &apos;t understand it completely .
frank wilson has a book called &quot; the hand &quot; the hand .
so what does the play do for the brain ?
it took a long time -- i had to homer homer and i had to put it through the fmri and the cable and the metal and the street , but as a computer designer , he &apos;s got a laser .
their own personal play is unique and often nothing that we think about particularly .
he &apos;s characterized by a sense of a sense of a sense of engineering , complete , and success .
how do you prevent the media , or the science , which is what your work is now , what your work is now about , about how the most important , about the way that the computer is , is that play is going to be the intelligence .
the difference between our nachos and the most pessimistic nachos is that our actually is a very reactive .
br : and then after a short , a little bit of liquid nitrogen in liquid nitrogen to get this perfect , we really have something that looks , tastes and acting like the original .
and the ipcc , in paris , was the ipcc in paris , his report about the people who were caused by climate change .
alisa miller gives us news about the news .
it allows you to look at the negative forms that you create , looking at your daily life .
for this project , we developed a kind of intelligent organizational pipe .
no matter where i am -- it &apos;s about a process that tries to locate my eyes .
inside is a 400 pounds of severe 12 times that i &apos;ve borrowed , from a friend .
there were thousands of people , we believe that they were infected with hiv .
: the deep area of a remote region of the brain is two hunters of the brain .
but they &apos;re also going to ask them a different question .
but if we came to this rural , and we found that no one had television there , so they didn &apos;t know his face .
and to say , these viruses are probably extinct in the past with the place in these rural societies .
you tell what you &apos;re doing with a , with 140 signs or less and people who are interested in this update .
we constructed a application model which means that programmers can write software that interact with twitter .
&quot; ... give people more information and follow their intuitions @ # ted . &quot;
there was all i read , books were the people who were foreigners , i believe that books had to contain , from nature , foreigners , and they had to act from things that i couldn &apos;t identify .
everything i &apos;ve heard about you was how poor they were , so that it was impossible for me to see them as any arm .
and slowly , i realized that my american roommate heard different versions of the only story , and saw that , just like this professor , that i had said , &quot; authentic african &quot; is not authentic .
and you start the history of the north american native american native americans with the arrows and not the brits , you tell a whole different story .
i always had the feeling that it was impossible to be able to deal with a place or a person if you don &apos;t have any stories of this place or this person .
i &apos;ll give every summer in lagos , and i find it amazing how many people want to be in the way that many people want to write , how many people want to write to tell stories .
in a recently recently , experiment were been used by adults in a fmri scanner -- while people were listening to experts .
why i was my doctor , when i was surgery , &quot; woman hertz , &quot; you can &apos;t get a little bit of a car , &quot; instead of having a little bit of a sudden , i have to say , not to get a high fever .
my father is alzheimer &apos;s disease .
and reading is so good as impossible .
even though it &apos;s hard .
so we have to orient to the physical and economic limitations .
and then we also have our promise to our promise .
if you have trouble , understanding what the average consumer in the united states means in the u.s.
if you want a fish , you get a woman and if you need a woman , you get a fish . &quot;
and if it &apos;s a long ride , you can still change the battery and keep on the island on the island .
this is after the united states of the united states .
in india , you don &apos;t understand where the problem is , because most indians are only two or three gallons of water .
all we need is 10 percent of the energy .
we don &apos;t immediately sit around . maybe we &apos;ll leave the kids free and keep the slaves .
the argument of the so-called id theorist are the same old arguments that were always and over again , since darwin &apos;s times , since the day .
the most natural natural selection is so amazing , because it &apos;s the problem to explain the complexity of nothing else in the form of nothing .
now the next one : &quot; the president of the royal society has given a strong internal belief , &quot; -- -- that an asteroid killed the dinosaurs . &quot;
she feels in a more violent minority , but how do the american atheists actually have to put together ?
i have no way to have a lot of other fields like history or philosophy , but i would be amazed if they were different .
darwin was the idea that atheism was right and good for the causal , that the people who are , but they probably said , &quot; not be a doctor &apos;s name . &quot;
if people like -- if atheists like stephen hawking and albert einstein , the word &quot; god &quot; and albert einstein uses the word of the deep , mystical part of physics that we don &apos;t understand yet .
and the launch cost about 500 dollars , about the value of 10,000 today .
and in the early days , wireless one person had a license , you have a license , and it had to be determined to be a license , and it had to be determined by a license .
just because there &apos;s a certain sense of mind , or a bit of a sense of how to do it , like wikipedia , ) a particular sentence of social relationships .
i have no slides , so they &apos;re going to have to be with me .
a study of the research for africa has shown that there is a clear thing in 28 african countries .
the state should not be able to interfere with the production of the goods and services because it &apos;s inefficient and insecure on this area .
but what it &apos;s immediately accelerated was the variability that had dominated our economic development -- that if oil prices were high , our economy grew very quickly .
the same thing we do in the field of the world .
and i would have wished that you would see that here .
he called it , &quot; massive fatal , &quot; which means that you could kill 100 million people in the next 50 years .
until recently , we didn &apos;t need to know how a vaccine was working right .
the main challenge for these two viruses is that they constantly change .
these drugs are not cure , but they &apos;re a huge triumph of science , because they &apos;re the automated death sentence of a single at least for those who have access to them .
but you know , the research that has happened to hiv has helped us to do the progress for other diseases .
this was a slow process , and it was a slow process that was dependent on chicken eggs , millions of living chicken .
and despite the radical increase , and the vast increase of the e. , the most massive of the e. , for example , is to say , look at the air that i &apos;ve just talked about -- that &apos;s the way that they &apos;re living .
so the challenge is completely hard to predict .
the question is , why ?
do you think african union will organize such a conference ?
there are some things that you have to know .
the speaker who was here on the stage here , i was a little bit of muhammad , suggested that we had a leader of the leaders in africa .
by stealing it from your suffering , people .
traditionally , africans hate governments -- they hate the tyranny .
they decide what they do .
he doesn &apos;t get help from government , and he &apos;s building a second , bigger boat .
something that would connect us all together .
scott &apos;s the results were full of it .
and the challenge for algorithmic filters , these personalized filters , is that they &apos;re going to balance that balance because they &apos;re going to go to the first place , which is the first time you click .
it &apos;s supposed to be a new way of doing new ideas and new people and strangers .
and the man said , &quot; well , pretty much , what ? &quot;
i know you &apos;re waiting for more bad news -- i just do fun -- but now comes a short repetition , and then i &apos;ll show you a little bit of material about possible solutions .
until the most important thing , it will give you an update on version 2.0 , where you can then race directly to buy the purchase of the car .
again , all the republicans here , it shouldn &apos;t be about the same thing .
what really impressed me about the gulf of the gulf is that they &apos;re a little bit of the time of the gulf .
and there &apos;s actually no one trying to do that , except a few people who are trying to use the beach .
we heard that bacteria eat oil ?
this is the whole ocean swimming through the ocean .
when the japanese pearl harbor harbor , they were at least back .
what the donor of birds are doing is i don &apos;t want to do a little bit of a joke about people who clean birds .
okay , people who call themselves a conservative , if they really wanted to be conservative and really , they should be able to send these businesses to the most painful .
it &apos;s right and wrong .
and i &apos;ve developed a system to produce medical isotopes .
okay , i &apos;m more than my genes -- all together .
i didn &apos;t ask you to be able to do it because it &apos;s true , but to remember it .
they contain a molecule that we know as a brain .
and this is just a very small one . it &apos;s a lot smaller than a human being .
now , neurons , as well as trees , can grow new branches and lose old branches .
and we can even talk about the most sophisticated .
if you celebrate this number , you can easily realize that there &apos;s a big potential for the brain in the brain .
maybe this technology will be able to know that we know ourselves through the shooting and we put ourselves together in our own brain .
he &apos;s mostly working on music videos and advertising with his company , the most prolific processor .
so we &apos;ve been prepared to show you a quick experiment to show you this .
ks : no , not yet .
while he did , he noticed a unexpected thing .
ks : so how does it work : there &apos;s a matrix of a computer game .
ridiculous , right ?
and a few months ago , a friend sent me a link to this guy , eduardo sousa .
a huge scandal for a few weeks .
but he still did .
so his farm is incredibly .
and then he found this wild plant , which is the most common plant .
and then they fly in the circle .
i finally came to try and try and get it before i went .
no salt , no pepper , no oil , no spices .
what the hell is that ?
at least , i think it &apos;s supposed to be .
farmers who rely on nature to find solutions to find answers , rather than nature &apos;s solutions .
and to change the old fire , it means to change two big stories about oil and electricity that both ever give two fifth of the fossil fuel system in the air .
our fuel for mobility is about three fifth cars .
you can make it quiet , it &apos;s tougher than titan .
trucks and planes can use realistic hydrogen or advanced biofuels .
even better light and the more stable and so forth the maximum increase to a third .
in about 20 , a little bit of private solar panels , private solar cells , without financial losses , are so cheap to their roofs and lower their own revenue .
and what we &apos;re doing is , it &apos;s going to be in about the same cost : about six trillion dollars in net net -- although we buy more of what we have or new nuclear and so-called , or renewable , more or less centralized .
so , on results , and not incentives , to focus , can be able to focus on the power of the world &apos;s energy and conflict to the world &apos;s energy solution .
later , i noticed that what i had eaten , two main of his family was true .
these simple things that are shown that donor donors in areas , where the least kids go to school , don &apos;t have schools to fund schools . this is what we do , and can help help the people who need most ?
two years ago , at april 8 , 2010 , i called my father .
i &apos;m not trying to design the toothbrush .
we remember and can look at this in every book of my son &apos;s son that life emerged four billion years ago -- four billion point of point two ?
so , i &apos;m not quite sure .
there are risks , there are a trap : the vertical .
you have time to think , you have time to talk about art , and things like that .
you go back to the future , back , back , back , so .
they all come from families , which are mostly one person at home , mostly the mother or grandmother , and they come to their education and their structure .
we bring them to the right and to turn on the left , so they can tell you , and you know the consequences , if you wrap up orders .
let &apos;s go online . &quot;
it &apos;s predicting .
they said , &quot; that &apos;s enough for the long-term .
you can support us . that &apos;s the task of you guys . &quot;
but i have to have my hotdog .
you can listen and join .
so , for example , let &apos;s take the most powerful .
if you think about the concept of wikipedia , in the same thing , you &apos;ve been doing the greatest encyclopedia of the world , and you &apos;ve done the largest encyclopedia of the world .
there are many people who have the same dream .
a website was made .
there was no leader .
extremism has become tolerance .
the modern tools of neuroscience show us that what happens is an incredibly complex process .
we can keep our own language apart , but not the stranger languages .
we were checking the american babies who had never heard a second language , at the beginning of the critical phase of the critical phase .
it may look like a computer of mars .
science on one side has a very rational approach to their environment while art usually has an emotional approach to its environment .
now i &apos;ve got a live right over here to show you this .
let me demonstrate this over here .
the dalai lama once said , &quot; love and compassion are a lot of the time .
the firemen were burned by a little girl whose body was burned down .
it &apos;s part of every human race .
and if compassion is so good for us , why don &apos;t we choose compassion ?
the wound of the wound is the maggots .
suppose you like squares , and honestly , who don &apos;t like it ?
we start with a computer company and then we put another more online one .
then there was an acute comic machine , a computer designer .
i said , &quot; he &apos;s already dead .
&quot; i have something wrong ! &quot; &quot; i don &apos;t get a memo . what &apos;s going on ? &quot;
i said , &quot; what do you do here ? &quot;
so i went to the lobby and saw this indian guy .
marco tempest : if you asked him to deception , he said , &quot; magic is the only thing that &apos;s the only job . &quot;
where is the queen ?
i &apos;m going to demonstrate you how deeply terrorism is connected with our daily lives .
at the time , when i interviewed the red brigades , i also discovered that their life wasn &apos;t from ideology and politics , but from economic constraints .
i think many people thought i was a little bit more comfortable with a little bit of a little bit .
but especially they went into serious terms of organized crime with organized crime .
this money was in the street , and the money in the bar , understands .
nobody wants to control the world &apos;s terms of control and their own family with clients .
some of you may think , &quot; wait a minute . you don &apos;t necessarily see how a car &apos;s .
clearly , i wanted to leave my favorite card , but what i didn &apos;t see was that it &apos;s popular , it &apos;s very uncomfortable to leave his body , to leave his body .
and i really learned that the bigger the challenge , the bigger the feeling of a special performance , if you get to the end .
well , i thought the atlantic was big , but the pacific is really big .
but that wasn &apos;t the way that it was .
it &apos;s this little green disk on the horizon , which is very nervous , because of the rising sea level .
we can start to make better , more sustainable , more sustainable decisions .
and the savage savage : why i &apos;m going to go across the pacific
this is the world trade of trade on the cover .
why ? why ? why do you want to do that ?
he doesn &apos;t see any surplus cost . he doesn &apos;t use any extra time .
they were able to make it .
and then the last thing about comfort is that it &apos;s about comfort , and it &apos;s really good for you to feel good at places that you don &apos;t have .
and that &apos;s hard when you don &apos;t know who you are .
and i asked myself , how could it be so easy to give up my dreams ?
it &apos;s not so hard to do someone , and one day before school , i said , &quot; yeah , you can submit my homework , &quot; and i gave him the wrong answers that i &apos;d written in the night .
we both have been put on the back of the back in the class , so we wouldn &apos;t be able to put in with a little bit of the time .
maybe you brought your credit and your teeth , and you never told your teeth , but how can you say you &apos;re going to say , if you want to bury yourself , if all around you ?
this is french science .
well , then go .
if you look at this truck here , it &apos;s the largest truck of his way on earth .
it &apos;s also one of the reasons why it &apos;s the largest and the fastest growing of co2 in canada , and it &apos;s also the reason why canada is now the number three in terms of a head of life .
and as a father , i can &apos;t imagine what that &apos;s a soul .
by doing that , we take a big part of our biggest economic technology and replace it with the most greenhouse oil oil of the future .
the most important of their work is the significance that you can buy in every store and the millions of indian women every day on their forehead . it &apos;s a ritual that &apos;s deeply related to the institution of marriage .
and the shaw shaw was born in the closet , in the denominator , trained and trained in london .
i hope you can convince them that complex and complicated are not always the same .
the most popular thing is the one that we want to affect -- the public support for government .
so i proposed to my first tedtalk that we should spend a planet 21 billion hours a week with video games .
only 30 minutes a day , a day of improvement , and the amount of increase in the joy of the joy of happiness .
why a game ?
how could a big game be so much a huge effect in so serious , sometimes , sometimes , have a lot of time ?
there are four types of strength , or resilience that are contributing to post-traumatic growth , and there are scientifically spacecraft that you can do every day to build these resilience , you don &apos;t need trauma .
it &apos;s more practice by doing it .
here &apos;s another secret for you : if you shake your hand six seconds , the most powerful in your blood is increasing , the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; .
and in this project , we actually have hundreds of people around the world , and they &apos;re doing this with us , and actually , thousands of people are involved in this project , many of his different aspects .
and then a few people came from chicago and said , &quot; end 2007 is the slogan of chicago festival , the global warming . we have a huge gallery , and we want them to fill them with their reef . &quot;
wool and the most important thing is not two concepts that fit good .
and neuroscientists asked , &quot; how can i define parallel lines ? &quot;
infinitely . they did it . it &apos;s very .
so , we have , from wool , from the domestic state , the proof that the most famous thing that the most famous thing is the most famous thing is the math of mathematics .
and their individual ideas , and their employment with this mathematical method .
this particular recursive property -- the self-esteem -- is my opinion of the sacred grail of neuroscience , neuroscience , and eventually we &apos;ll hopefully understand what &apos;s going on .
this person is otherwise at rough minds and intelligent , but if he sees his mother , his delusion gets , and he says it &apos;s not his mother .
so if this area is damaged , they lose the ability to recognize faces .
tables and chairs and chairs -- nothing happens , as well as normal people , when i &apos;m going to show him a picture of his mother , the most powerful activity is low .
he knows that his arm is not there . nonetheless , it &apos;s a convincing , more powerful experience .
maybe you can do the most powerful , the spasm in the phantom .
and my pain is gone . &quot;
he said , &quot; no , the last three days i didn &apos;t have phantom and therefore no longer a phantom , no adequate , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no pain .
and the blue is blue , 2.2 is green , another sound could be yellow .
that &apos;s the key .
which is kiki , which is buba ?
your favorite thing is to be a little bit of the thing that most of us don &apos;t deal with .
this is kanzi .
none of the things you &apos;re going to see in this video are the most powerful .
well done .
he learned that when he uses both hands , with his specific , kind of , the most powerful and more powerful , and they can make a lot of bigger and more powerful .
a frame means a hut in the forest .
does he look where the sound comes from ?
because we believe it &apos;s not the biology , but the culture .
and some stars die in spectacular explosions that leave these remains .
on the right , gravity is the gravity . einstein explains this .
and it &apos;s going to come out of new ways of changing the change .
it was too early , but he was a moral guide , an inspiration for scientists who were concerned about control of the weapons .
suppose alien creatures have been observed by our own point of view , and not only for 40 years , but the total four years of the world &apos;s population .
martin rees asks : is this our last century ?
and it &apos;s even worse : &quot; then i would make a picture of it and make a dozen year-old .
now , these are students , so they gave a lot of money for things like earrings and makeup .
and then we asked them again , how happy they are .
but enormous different incentives .
these are the most powerful in belgium .
the teams that we gave money to spend each other , were to be in other teams and the dominant ones at the end of the line .
if we hear about the most powerful , from the high school , we often believe that this is one of these most profound conflicts of the middle east , its roots are so old as the region itself .
ironically , it was a time when the most of iran was peace with washington , and not the destruction of israel .
this is an analogy that is defined by that , the diplomacy tool , is the diplomacy of the war , is inevitable .
you can look at certain types of cells or you can look at the different regions and compare them .
the map of port is not so good at the end of 2009 , not as well as you could have been , not as good as the map of california .
the trick is .
and the explanation she said , &quot; he was not an environmental disorder . &quot;
this system wants to keep the status quo , also the status quo of a government .
so it &apos;s not that my topic is the most important thing . it &apos;s not .
we can &apos;t do anything . &quot;
lawrence lessig : we , the citizens , have to go back to the republic
for example , some people in this room will be thanks to a scholarship to school with a scholarship .
that &apos;s at my pen . &quot;
everybody &apos;s just a little bit of a little bit of fun .
i don &apos;t want to say that the law of entropy is not true , it &apos;s true .
here in the model , you see the attack of the internet .
if you see fireflies in north america , they &apos;re all active in the united states , and they ignore each other .
each of their favorite parts depends on this critical region , the most important , the most independent , the 10,000 of the other independent cells , which has a whirlwind , a electronic rhythm -- a low tension , a low -- to send a signal to pump a signal .
they were a while in synchrony , but then they were apart .
so i want to show you a few interviews with people who were opening up on the bridge and describe what happened .
now , you don &apos;t normally hold yourself for a metronome , but we &apos;re all running -- we &apos;re going to go back and go back to the run .
im : so , this is just a few tons , so it &apos;s pretty fast .
it &apos;s the most popular scientist in his area .
i didn &apos;t say what the list was , but she was in a little bit of order , and i told you , you should look for your name , your favorite , or the girl &apos;s names .
also , maybe this fowler , or maybe a computer company , which is not worth economically , a resilience against disease or pests or a different property that is useful for climate change , and the other ones don &apos;t have .
we &apos;re going to see kids in tv .
the idea with svalbard was that it &apos;s cold , so you have natural temperatures under freezing .
and if anything happens , you can come and pick it up .
thank you .
look at your body position ! this is not right .
maybe any lady , a lady ? thank you very much .
you &apos;ve tried two concepts -- two in the united states , and one in the russians .
madness ! i have to talk about innovation -- the things that are developing , there &apos;s a lot of activity , and then they &apos;re replaced by something else and die .
i can &apos;t tell you when it &apos;s going to go , because i don &apos;t want the competition to know my schedule .
i mean something really interesting that will happen here .
ok , let &apos;s talk a little bit about the commercial development of the personal space space .
it &apos;s like the air .
after a few years , he &apos;s ready to give up , but one day he has a epiphany .
institutions are going to be naked , and if you &apos;re naked , it &apos;s the consequences .
the fourth meaning of openness and fourth principle is a lot of time .
the toothpaste is from the most violent .
you know that bees and fish live in school .
all around us , a medical revolution , a revolution , which helps us defeat some of the worst diseases of our society , cancer with including .
this is a tumor , dark , gray , a partial mass , a brain , in a brain .
and you can see that the ring of the blood supply goes away .
but the real question is : how good do these work work in practice ?
here &apos;s what happens when we add a solar system . it prevents angiogenesis in very effective ways .
but more interesting is the study that the men who have developed the most sophisticated , so the ones that have more tomato sauce , they have less blood vessels , which have been feeding their cancer .
albert von the time said that &quot; discoveries is to see what all of you have seen , and think about what nobody has thought . &quot;
i &apos;m a demonstration of discover magazine .
it has to be fun , unlike ordinary problems , which are not quite a good thing to do , and they &apos;re not quite designed to be puzzles .
this is the background of the other .
you can &apos;t make that physically , but you can &apos;t do it on a computer . over the computer .
i wanted to make a sequel .
what &apos;s the way that you &apos;re going to fall ?
so there are games like &quot; brain republican &quot; for the nintendo , a computer company .
looks like a black character . where is that ?
i really believe that a girl is so powerful that we all had to train , not to be that way .
i remember , for example , my father , who was very , very violent , struck me .
we &apos;re so used to steal girls of the difference , to be more of their own life that we actually made them to objects and they were transformed in .
and she looked into the eyes of her baby and said , &quot; of course i love my baby . how could i love my baby ?
when we were there , she did a ritual where she was girls who were pulled up with their families .
and i &apos;m going to be on your side of your life . &quot;
i love that i don &apos;t take things easy .
why should you get me off , you want to get me off ?
so , in the real process , all six teenagers said , and they were the most cosmopolitan that they had done by the photo photo .
but the incident was in the middle of january , on the northern hemisphere , to seven o &apos;clock at night .
this is 10 feet away .
and what does this example show -- what is important to keep us in memory ?
he was a very religious man .
i got a computer student and i traveled through africa , where i asked people why they were building fractals , which is a great job when you can get it .
and that &apos;s going to be on some villages to the smallest level .
it &apos;s not really mathematical knowledge .
he said , &quot; if i lived in the jungle , i &apos;d just use a long time , because it &apos;s very fast and it &apos;s very cheap .
and odd , odd , odd .
we have a solar system in ghana .
the bad news is .
instead of turning friends or relatives , they looked at david &apos;s workplace .
today , agile development is applied to a hundred countries , and it &apos;s going to go up to the most sophisticated .
fear of oranges . beds do .
we &apos;re going to put some rules on them and hold them up .
the conversation will run better . &quot;
now , as i was going to go back tonight , to come here , one of my daughters started to come up with me .
and we developed 10 statements .
i was a teenager when i first read &quot; anna &quot; and the famous first sentence : &quot; all happy families are identical to each other .
i want to show you how to look at something that is invisible to look at .
if i put this into the water , you see a silver chip , and this is the most powerful , the water that keeps the water from the water of the water . it stays dry .
and plato with all the young boys in his cave . sweeney : woo ...
i &apos;m going to show you .
but tesla was not successful .
one thing i want to be clear is that not all the neurosurgeon are wearing the neurosurgeon .
we can turn them down or turn it down , or turn it down .
he &apos;s one of five children .
i showed you that we can apply it to the circuits of the mood of depression .
we &apos;re to understand what these circuits are and what the brain areas are responsible for the clinical signs and symptoms of these diseases .
evolution is actually more like a fellow type of type of an engineer than an engineer .
that &apos;s enough !
what we discovered is whether you look at the leg of a human being , or richard , or a cockroach or a a crab , the relative of these feather , the same for all that we &apos;ve seen before .
okay . the point is , it &apos;s really hard to say , right ? it &apos;s incredible , students have tried and they couldn &apos;t say it .
he &apos;s doing this with a laser glue .
what we do is we take the hair as a role model , and put together with another colleagues from berkeley .
and that &apos;s what was shown by the married personal leaders , two thirds of the married men , but only a third of the married women .
on monday , i left san francisco , my favorite , and flew to this conference .
and we go out at the end , look at us and say , &quot; how did it go ? &quot;
there &apos;s a famous study of harvard business school about a woman named heidi .
and i &apos;ve got my hand back and i fell on all the other women , and then you &apos;ve been asking more questions , just by men . &quot;
a woman contacted me about this and i looked at them -- she saw something young .
thank you .
they don &apos;t do it as usual as they should , but they do .
so not fear was the defining factor .
but it &apos;s true in the middle of the black .
i want to talk about this now , thinking about how we spread in this country , how we get information to information .
so they &apos;re in clean , more clear language , and that works .
we tell them that everything is fine ; it &apos;s good to you .
this patient is about 50 , we can say , well , how big is the risk of prostate cancer .
they don &apos;t need the standard level of the audience in this room .
and this bee certainly had thought , &quot; i &apos;m getting this kind of thing , these flower , i &apos;m going to get the nectar and then go off . &quot;
and if you talk about nature , the author is my favorite topic , how is the idea of the world &apos;s idea ?
well , we &apos;re all equally sophisticated .
the only technology here is the cheap , very new , a car car , which is actually a car car , even i could close a subset of 10 ar in 15 minutes .
if a computer designer , the grass is going to be on this altitude , and it &apos;s happening immediately .
and now i say that i want to build a layer of games on the world &apos;s world , but that &apos;s not quite true , because it &apos;s already in development .
if not , it &apos;s a shame . there &apos;s nothing you can do .
come on to a certain time , you get your drinks half .
and then you can really achieve a lot of good things .
and it &apos;s powerful .
and the main thing is a collaborative dynamic that tries to find the best news , most exciting stories .
we &apos;ve talked to you last time a few years ago .
you also see , if i turn this around -- hopefully i don &apos;t get the world too much .
you can see , here &apos;s what it started .
this is one of our engineers .
so , pragmatic students who should have taught students to teach the law of the inevitable , just as a hobby .
raise your hands .
it makes it a place where it makes fun to work .
and that &apos;s why we &apos;re working on what we &apos;re working on , and we even have people who are excited about it and crazy enough that they &apos;re working on it , that &apos;s really their goal .
thank you .
what brunel said , as he said , was to reach his passengers , the experience of the landscape .
what does life make easier , more pleasant ?
so , for part of the part , they &apos;re using this by building a great new facility , using the basement of one of their hospitals .
today , the industrial systems of time have been highly fond of the current problem , and they have become part of the present problem .
and as brunel can do , we can have a lot of the systems that we have in systems , a bigger effect .
from my persistence , the waiter gave himself the waiter with his boss .
mark , and i &apos;ve tried to have a series of studies , right now , to answer this question .
yet it &apos;s exactly what the american paradigm requires .
but for the european availability , the availability of all these transfers on the market was like a giant .
the americans themselves discover that unlimited choice in theory seem to be more attractive than in practice .
and the parents would say more things like , &quot; noah was just for this short time , but he taught us so much .
robert frost once said this , &quot; it &apos;s poetry that &apos;s lost by translation . &quot;
&quot; well , it &apos;s a very elegant video of pink . &quot;
the three problems have one in common : they &apos;re the problems that are controlled by forces .
so thank you very much .
it &apos;s supposed to replace competition through collaboration .
and then we build a more sophisticated , which we can test the maximum performance of machines , and so we can get very , very quickly .
girl 5 : no .
and so i realized that the most important thing is that the most important thing is that the best thing is , it &apos;s not going to be a design movement , but as a design movement .
the bomb enters the stage .
and then the 92 nuclear power that would provide the energy , the rest of los angeles would be put in the rest of los angeles .
then you take it and you put it on the screen of your television , and you &apos;re going to be on the outside of your television , right ?
if you replace the word of the blogosphere or the internet , it &apos;s very right that his perception is now very , very very , very , very , very , very , very , very .
i think it was this exchange that led to computer computing .
ph : i hope you understand how to do that .
ultimately , the race has won the future to momentum than the phone phone company .
mm : because it gave the audience a role to do something .
they produce things for 1,500 and 800 dollars a minute .
and where tv has been built , what &apos;s built , is a very exciting new way of communication , and we have the collaboration of two industries and a new way of thinking about it .
this is a spanish architect and designers .
color can be slaughtered , simple blocks , simple materials : if i go through new york , i think .
it gave me a threat -- maybe there &apos;s a yellow day in san francisco , and we all talk to us and build a few installations .
the use of the city for public space is significant , almost a international role model .
even the parts of the airplane had french names .
he said , &quot; well , there &apos;s more girls there . &quot;
and that was , after all , i was , after some of the most cosmopolitan and the design of the chair , the design of the chair i &apos;m going to show you .
he said , you have one of the new , better chairs .
or they &apos;re going to pull them up in the position .
i knew then , but when i looked around the offices , where there was a lot of time with the office , that never anyone would come to the idea , to turn , to turn , to turn on , to make a position of the head , to make it in position .
and fever has spread in the wild .
two days ago , or yesterday , i can &apos;t remember that , i &apos;ve read in a museum of a computer , that the first time i &apos;ve been reading the first , i &apos;ve read about 52 , about 52 aggressive cases , with about 400 likely cases .
we need something that was really the most powerful , so he doesn &apos;t spread the disease .
here &apos;s a typical situation : males hit females , every amount of offspring .
so , the biggest problem is not our biggest problem .
&quot; why now ? &quot; &quot; why here ? &quot;
and most of the time i &apos;m barely taking away from a training of a computer .
look at the data available .
now , our mobile phones can now engineer a story of our own design .
bill mandelbrot : your health depends on where you live .
this is my grandfather .
and that &apos;s the simple reason that nobody else talks about it .
as the final dawn , plants are moving phosphorus from water from the ground .
here &apos;s the title of a remarkable article from a kind of a remarkable article from &quot; nature &quot; that the discussion of the phosphorus crisis .
eighty percent of it is just like mentioned .
and instead of a dose of 100 percent , we take one of 25 percent .
we have a working technology and one that &apos;s going to be a few of the most powerful use of the world &apos;s use of the world that we &apos;re going to move on the world .
and he was a call called the &quot; all of the time , &quot; he looked at all the most violent and mutations to find rules and laws instead of looking at the norms .
and in this example , you see that the individual steps are going to repeat , but they &apos;re going to be doing no more than a little bit of time .
as an architect , i think only about relationships between the individual and all of the stuff , but in terms of product design , it &apos;s always going to be a matter of business .
we were playing on the level of the building , where we could build the five separate towers , but they should all be on the 60 floor to a single mass of mass .
come back again , a few years later , in 2003 , and we &apos;ll see that this landscape is honest , rather than rainforest .
the difference is mostly in the desert in the desert , or maybe the most important in the desert , whatever you want .
there &apos;s a lot of toxic waste , a lot of things that were illegal , and now on the air .
we &apos;ve doubled the amount of nitrogen and phosphorus in the world just by fertilizers that causes huge problems in water quality ; in rivers , lakes and even oceans , and it &apos;s also the most important thing for the most important to be in the world .
but we can do that and there are opportunities in it .
irrigation is the biggest largest oil system on the top of the planet .
need to work together .
so , what is the system of system d ?
we want to see our products in the store . &quot;
the whole system system is not paying taxes .
we interact with the world through our hands .
what do you do ?
we use biological modification to amplify these kinds of things -- muscles .
this is what this looks like .
here we are , or cut the nerve , from small parts of the brain , and then we had other pristine people , and we gave them our most pristine -- signal . two other people who are holding our hand -- signal .
ak : it works good .
but i can &apos;t put an electrode and say , &quot; there . &quot;
and that &apos;s our goal -- a little clinically more clinically , to carry .
this is jesse and he &apos;s going to press a laser .
so thank you .
sub-saharan africa is largely , because there are 22 million people living with hiv , which are estimated 70 percent of the 30 million people who are infected worldwide .
governments have to create effective , effective for ethical aspects in clinical trials , which are approved in the different developing countries , and they &apos;re going to be established by the government and the most independent of the study of the study .
the fundamental problems we face are a high consumption and too many people .
so they all meet the criteria that people usually like .
so you see this power that goes north -- the most popular in this case -- the one to the galapagos , and this is the most powerful , the most powerful , the most important , the most important , the one that goes up to the galapagos .
we also know that not only are the only threat , but the same penguins and other people &apos;s other ones .
now i want to show you that penguins are moved in the world .
turbo has turned on to pat his gaze with his gaze , and we let him go in and come in here .
and then there &apos;s another one that comes very comfortable .
now , here &apos;s a fundamental problem that we haven &apos;t solved : our fundamental political geography .
the two parts are a pretty long frontier .
again , as in the case of mongolia , china is not conquered russia ; it &apos;s not going to be a lot of it .
for the world &apos;s countries , china reduces its most sophisticated , so that the most powerful and cambodia can be sold cheaper and from the street to china .
what i want to introduce you to here is , i call a day , day .
these two arrows form a bow , a bow of the steel and other infrastructure that connects the west bank with gaza .
a lot of them .
so what &apos;s next ? how does the future of the european union look ?
53 countries and far the most of the suspects on the map are straight lines on the map .
this dream exists in time .
it &apos;s bad ? it doesn &apos;t seem like that .
okay .
and the hormone variability is expanding growth .
so how can a hormone end up the speed of aging ?
we think insulin and igf-1 are hormones that are active in particular , which are particularly active in the circumstances -- in good times -- if food is available , and not much stress in the environment .
we don &apos;t know the details about how it works , but we know that foxo genes have an impact on the lifespan of people .
and basically , you could change the genes .
so it &apos;s possible that the process of which i &apos;ve been talking about , which is a very quick thing , has a different normal , normal , kind of a bird , so that the bird can live much longer .
you will never see such an ad , because nike wants to buy your shoes .
they all show heroes that became the most successful .
it &apos;s like trying to run against a more of a computer .
this view is that many of the people who are doing the most powerful , like prozac , essentially change chemistry of the brain as if in fact , the brain of the container would be a chemical soup .
and my colleague , seymour , seymour believes that .
and by the time we found that a mutant , a lot longer needed to be a lot longer to get back to the top of the brain , and when we were the genes that were playing in this mutation , we could discover a more powerful .
and this question has been asked for a long time , but we can actually test it in a long time .
so , like , mosquitoes find us in the dark by taking us out of it . they smell us .
just to see it , that &apos;s the cheese .
people even told me that they &apos;re going to be bitten by mosquitos now .
in the blink of the day .
and every time i felt the fates of the eyes of the eyes behind me .
and as a result of the , fat is one of the best sources of adult stem cells .
as we speak , about the immigration clinical trials , we &apos;re going to study the use of stem cells for the use of stem cells .
we &apos;re very happy because we have the opportunity to have this angels in the world , not only in our country : venezuela . in our entire world .
so what happens when what happens ?
but here you see what &apos;s really going on .
i can &apos;t tell you about it , because i stopped the headline .
and the best tedtalk : what you don &apos;t know about marriage
but how ?
it &apos;s even better . it seems that we can make these receivers , with help that are encoded in the dna .
the animal jumps , it &apos;s spreading its wings , it &apos;s floating , but it can &apos;t really take it , because the fly is caught between two glass .
for a intelligent creature like our fly , this rule is not made in stone , but it &apos;s changing as the animal learns through experience .
so through many of these experiments , we were able to pinpoint the identity of the critic to 12 cells .
there &apos;s a few ideas in the world &apos;s brain and the artificial intelligence , as you could do , but we still haven &apos;t solved one example , like intelligent behavior from the physical interaction of the physical interaction .
here &apos;s nepal , or actually a very , very harrowing of avelile .
ed : all right . tb : okay . a little bit of a bit of time , a little bit more to the middle .
and i know from their own experience , i know hospitals can be a very dangerous place .
here &apos;s a picture of my favorite legacy of legacy .
i &apos;m telling you , this kind of energy care , which is all of the goals that all of you are , will be the most powerful transformation that we &apos;re going to see in our lifetime in health care .
they don &apos;t stick like velcro , or glue , or glue .
here we have the robot .
marc mandelbrot built the most powerful .
what would happen if you climb the back of the paper and it came up with a little bit of a paper or we would shake the sheet ? &quot;
and so , we &apos;ve done it . and he does this .
of course , it &apos;s completely different than you would see in a nanotube .
we &apos;re going to look at rising sea level .
and i would say , people work in the oceans and think about the goals , we &apos;re the opinion of it , and we should be a lot lower .
this is the ship that i was the last three months in antarctica .
if this ice rises up the sea level , the sea level is going to be six feet .
what was the cause ?
in both cases , the bad news for the corals are the galapagos islands .
you have the water temperature .
but then you see the most popular thing in black .
we have very interesting opportunities to have the co2 co2 in the atmosphere , and we &apos;ve always done this with a lot of years , but we &apos;re going to go back 20 million years .
and this is the task that einstein asked : figure out how gravity works .
einstein had already had room and time , biases and curves to describe gravity .
but deep in the structure of space , the idea could be more dimensions than we see there .
and as the strings of a cello , different things can vibrate , can also vibrate in different patterns .
not yet .
is this just an interesting mathematical construction that may be able to explain some of the things that are possible to explain some of the world &apos;s properties , or can we actually demonstrate these extra dimensions ?
so we have two plates with colored dots .
now , can the predator see that the predator is going to attack it ?
and what sensory information is true is generally true for all information .
and we look at about 30 seconds of what a hammer is in a 18 minutes long .
why ? because if the orange in this shadow would actually be in the shadow , and the same amount of light on your eye would be able to reflect the same amount of light outside the shadow , you &apos;d have to reflect more -- just after laws of physics .
how do you know that ?
and she comes into the hive , and it &apos;s an empty color , and it &apos;s a player , and that &apos;s honey .
he finds him . madness , or ?
do you agree ? yes ?
there &apos;s no right or wrong here .
in 2010 , in new york , not so much .
we &apos;re also a storyteller of storytellers .
now some things : understanding security , the risks , the dangers , the deficit , how they work .
but in a modern and complex world , they need models to understand the many risks we &apos;re facing .
think of cancer , avian flu , swine flu , sars .
there was no new insights , but less fear .
and there &apos;s another cognitive bias : i call it a little bit of the way that we tend to accept data that we have to confirm , and to reject data that we have to deny our own data .
i know a different group of people , if my airplane was safe to fly .
this is the people .
and he was found in the near , at stanford .
they had good conditions with their teachers , students .
let me ask you some questions about what is a good choice . &quot;
i took anyone to get to it , and to save them , or save me , where i could give myself a volunteer hand , but i found that nobody did something .
we opened the first section of 2009 .
robert ornish : building a park in heaven
and groups were very often called terrorists , and they were called &quot; terrorists . &quot;
they need a process of a process that can deal with the core of this very complicated society with its problems .
it &apos;s about the first time we &apos;re probably in the history of the arab world , a revolution , a map of the ground .
the paradox is that this was so promising for the decade to be so promising . and that &apos;s from a main reason .
once they were calling the ngos , their slogans didn &apos;t just go on the streets -- but they took them into the negotiations , for part , because they were the victims of these weapons .
thank you very much for your attention .
but i don &apos;t think &quot; the &quot; the &quot; is a good thing . &quot;
so this was completely smooth .
it &apos;s a little crazy to work on a new new computer .
and i &apos;m trying to use a very scientific approach .
they said , &quot; well , you know , this strange man in the movie ?
it &apos;s a big tooth . &quot;
and the last day comes out the sun , the somali , they come right to the boat , and it &apos;s fantastic .
i &apos;m going to give you a little nervous here because i &apos;m going to tell you a few radical things about how we should think differently about cancer to a audience that has a lot more than i do .
the part of the genome we can read is the list of ingredients .
it &apos;s a huge amount of information in genetics by just comparing the genetic similarity .
and i , &quot; okay . at least this guy is fine . &quot;
so we &apos;re basically measuring every single aspect of the brain as a own .
if you have malaria , we give them a little bit of time , or some of the things that are .
where we really have to get , is the process that &apos;s just going on , and that &apos;s on the level of the most important activity on the level of why the body doesn &apos;t heal itself , how does it normally do it ? &apos;
danny hillis : cancer through proteomics
they &apos;re all members of tribes .
it &apos;s not enough to give up these people .
because at stage three , most of us are .
this is their lobby .
there was no plan . never before anybody tried to do something like this .
in fact , martin luther king &apos;s sentence was in stage three .
so i &apos;m sitting here in this chair , and i &apos;m doing nothing . &quot;
and suddenly they got out of the street , and tried to figure out , &quot; how do we ask the population of sub-saharan africa ? &quot;
we automatically get the little pieces of plastic up .
this one or the most prolific manifestation that were designed to make just a lot of work to make the control for the ground , on the ground , were not considered a permanent building .
they &apos;re going to be the stability and security that can offer the lap of an uncle , you compare them to the blowfish construction of a football niece in high heels .
but from my perspective , compassion has a problem .
and it &apos;s the most powerful form of pleasure .
i can &apos;t really explain it , and he doesn &apos;t .
stories like this , signs like this , are practical aid in a world that &apos;s going to be reflected in , compassion , the accumulation of suffering , which could otherwise threaten us .
gandhi was also a really valid person .
and the first day , our favorite day , our main team , and taught us our motto , which we had to talk to every day for the rest of the summer to make the treatment .
this is one of two or three of their known known .
here are some examples .
it turns out we can &apos;t be part of a group without a single way of imitating the other .
so that &apos;s the world that we live in today .
and so i &apos;m trying to learn from my grandfather &apos;s own way to learn .
okay , number two : go into the wild .
and imagine that , you &apos;re going to be born a inner picture : i was born in a very small village in mexico , unfortunately , very much , very , very , very , very high , and my parents had no higher school .
and so we think that through all the changes that are happening , we &apos;re now going to face incredible opportunities .
it &apos;s an initiative that &apos;s on simple , and it &apos;s a very simple way to see , and it &apos;s a little bit of the solutions .
we &apos;ve sent 30 different technologists now in 18 different countries , and we were able to connect millions of people , to learn about what this particular segment needs and demands .
and my father came to me and i said , &quot; you know , i remember you have to do it better than the previous ones .
i know many people who are very smart and yet say , &quot; why can &apos;t i solve my problem ? &quot;
i started with a different family in 1980 .
don &apos;t you believe that we have the responsibility to take the environment seriously ? &quot;
i still go to the same four years old ford as well .
but that &apos;s not a good life .
that &apos;s what he &apos;s praying .
whether you believe or not , it doesn &apos;t make me a difference .
so he said , &quot; what do you think you &apos;re in your hand ? &quot;
what &apos;s that in your hand ? &quot; i said , &quot; it &apos;s a basketball , and this basketball represents your identity , which you are .
when my kids were small , i went to her room , and i sat on her bed , and i looked at my children at sleep .
it &apos;s less than i had a lot of time -- i &apos;m going to do three to 10 million -- but yet it &apos;s a very significant number .
in a village , we have 100 laptops , every one with a different collection of 100 books , so that the village suddenly has 10,000 books .
right , the famous chinese character for the world &apos;s book .
they answer the question : how does it feel that you &apos;re concerned ?
we really learn that really bad lesson .
think about a moment of how it is , to feel right in the right .
and unlike all other animals , we are obsessed with trying to figure out .
and i have to tell you that i thought i was writing this incredibly nerdy book about a subject that all hate , for a audience that would never be there .
the effect of this is not just the wheat of the wheat , but mountains of grain .
1986 , she came from vietnam to america .
the answer was , &quot; that &apos;s even worse . &quot;
our main team sank on a third of the average in our industry , and in the five years of the dotcom , our most prolific life has tripled .
and bhutan , for the ones that don &apos;t know , is the youngest democracy of the world , only two years old .
it &apos;s actually that we &apos;re often going to hunt in the west , as if happiness is something we need to capture , a thing , or maybe several things that we have to get .
and we ask 10 simple questions -- that &apos;s the simplicity .
what we really need to learn as leaders is that we can influence the production of production by creating the right conditions , so our employees can live their calling .
bl : okay . one , two , three .
under deck of the deck , you &apos;ll tell you the ear , moving you . but the eyes are moving in the boat , and say , &quot; i &apos;m silent . &quot;
amy , you come up to the top ?
the method : what did you do ? the result : what have you seen ?
i just read one .
real scientific education should give people a voice and enable them to express these things , so amy should have the last word in this short story .
poor people don &apos;t have this opportunity .
we went down to the 1970s .
and to come up there , we have to realize that the principle of a computer is not just the way that we talked about , but our society is also interpreted .
today , 60 years later , i can tell you why it &apos;s possible .
i &apos;m sure somebody has already wondered , &quot; yes , great stuff up there -- but how do i get up there ?
i was a professor at the university of davis , and i got a lot of attention to this , and that allowed me to fund the launch of the program .
we have eight motors in this vehicle .
thank you .
they fall apart , they fall apart and they end up here .
i mean , people ask themselves if cell phones are safe .
you have a coil .
because , remember , the original idea of dr. kamen : the most popular mobile phone of his wife .
and for those who can &apos;t read it , it says , &quot; it seems like it &apos;s actually a kind of wireless technology . &quot;
green or natural , where not the most important thing is , is a step in the right direction , but they don &apos;t care about the existing constraints in our bodies .
first , a computer company , a mixed , mixed with the death of death , the &quot; death death . &quot;
and i just found months later , who he really was .
i &apos;m looking for a cure .
i say , &quot; hold it alive if you can . &quot;
even with this kind of paper , in our hands , we have the hope of the hope again .
it &apos;s a feature .
suddenly he knows that he was defeated .
to allow you to do this , we have to put them back on the wheel .
we &apos;re going to put it in the area , we put it in , we sent people into , we put the buildings in the inside , the building systems , we helped the first design , and the rescue and saving .
if i do this , i don &apos;t lose the original details . in the contrary , i could write history here .
you &apos;re going to be withheld by the public opinion .
that &apos;s not very good .
and what about this democracy is a democracy .
here &apos;s the question : which country cut better , china or india ?
because the indian man has a benefit of two years of life to the indian woman .
what political change is , they &apos;ve introduced them to the world .
china , i think , has still some very amazing , more powerful principles -- especially in terms of social capital , public health , a sense of equality that doesn &apos;t exist in india .
it was a place where people with all sorts of things and with various kinds of water and different things .
and now you have the problem that you &apos;ve spent the whole money to do help with this advanced electronics in these countries and now it &apos;s all useful .
a bit chaotic environment , where probably many ideas came out , where people were more likely to have new , interesting , more interesting , other kinds of things .
about a decade ago , a wonderful computer project , a wonderful , wonderful , and read darwin &apos;s notebook , and read darwin &apos;s notebook from this period .
they &apos;re going to be in their colleagues , but everybody said , &quot; no , i didn &apos;t think it was to do it .
does it go the other way ?
in the 1970s , the one percent of the national income in the united states was made in the united states .
many of these political factors can be roughly in the category of crony capitalism , political changes , which help a group of good interconnected , but actually nothing good for the rest of us .
as you can see right , as globalization and technological revolution can create this global rule of money , it &apos;s much harder to judge the whole thing .
so they invest unprecedented amounts of time and tools to train their children .
we created the modern health system .
this is his little hand .
we &apos;re all going to die .
this was a huge disappointment for us , because we believed in a new development .
i even believe that in places like oregon , where you &apos;re taking care of medical care , and you can eat a toxic dose , just half a percent of people ever did it .
so long , long sense , you came to canada .
but i heard about cancer as the most of the most violent disease of our time , so how good and bad people together ?
some articles even went to say that skeletal muscle muscle is resistant to cancer , and beyond , not only against cancer , but beyond that , it &apos;s getting metastases in skeletal muscle .
16 percent ! that &apos;s where these are these tumors in skeletal muscle , but only 16 percent of the actual metastases -- what &apos;s going on , that skeletal muscle may be able to control angiogenesis , capable of controlling the tumors that are going to be able to control these blood vessels .
this is a very far idea of a very far idea , but i really think that &apos;s possible .
and then my translator left me .
she was the girl who was going to be in the breaks for her team .
and i wrote a letter on the top of my best friends in atlanta , georgia , who had 11 year-old son .
&quot; what did he say ? &quot; i asked the translator .
so the two came to lunch , and we were thrown out of the restaurant .
he had children from all korea , and he found families for them .
they have a lot of time on the dictionary .
so i open the window , look out , and see how fire is going from the side of the hotels in the height . the hotel burns .
so we ran into the bathroom , and we took off , and they took them off our faces and the children .
until the adoption is through . a year ! what does it need for so long ?
this is their favorite .
this is sydney , which is a few days old .
but there was no evidence .
there are little planets , there are bigger planets , there &apos;s big planets , ok .
but there &apos;s a lot more to do .
so the question is : is this chemical phenomenon universal , or is it something that depends on the planet ?
and this deeper thing , the general point , is that the science is that the science is , as we know it , to define the lives .
okay , let &apos;s say , this is the size of the observable universe , with all the galaxies , with all the stars , all right , from here .
thank you very much .
look at the : as uganda goes down and zimbabwe , russia goes down to a percent .
they find the highest hiv in the world in african countries , and yet they find in senegal , here , the same rate as in the united states .
look at kenya here .
it could be something else that is more likely to be more than the transmission .
we know about the most about the favorite billion people ever lived .
that wasn &apos;t just an economic story .
and the result is even a greater divergence in a shorter period than it was in germany .
it &apos;s just about institutions .
you have to give me just to eat . &quot;
he was wrong .
now , i want to end with three questions about the future billion , shortly before 1974 , when the united states is losing their place as a number one economy .
no , we &apos;re going to be able to hold out , regardless of the huge , huge , the way we put our work , regardless of the evidence that we have lost our work and other parts of our historical narrative .
niall , thank you .
there are many kinds of spider silk .
spider silk is almost entirely entirely made of protein .
the fibers that can make a single spider is already quite diverse .
also , the most powerful potential is a lot of potential because of your ability to get to the world .
what i want to pay attention to is not the mermaid , so lovely she may be , but on the photos .
you have to have a physical structure .
there are more photos . there are more photographers .
that sounds alien in our ears , but what happens is that 80 percent of the contributors have contributed a lot of people .
the first thing that happens when you &apos;re a problem is that the first goal of the institution is immediately changing by what the goal is to be .
the inventor doesn &apos;t know what the invention is .
there are people in the states trying to figure out whether bloggers are journalists or not .
it was made by creating their own , using many of these tools , and no doubt the intelligence agencies are going to do the same work for the attacks in the last week .
you have a little bit of the time , which is probably for us the healthiest part of bread or the fibers , because it &apos;s just full of fibers , because it &apos;s made of fibers .
everything is on his place . first level .
we call it &quot; the &quot; guide . &quot;
but let &apos;s look at the different steps , under the point of the possible connections to a deeper level -- my search is about the answer to the question , &quot; what is so special about bread ? &quot;
this is transformation , two different things .
and if you &apos;re shaped , you go back to prove that you &apos;re alive and you &apos;re developing character .
if you do this bread , you can use any kind of a spent of a beer .
it will be a kind of a kind of a kind of a conceptual system , as we work through this talk .
it takes very , very long , to write these scores , and i work on a piece of time that is 180 pages long , and that &apos;s a big part of my life and i &apos;m going to be the hair .
it &apos;s presented by brian &apos;s , who is an extraordinary artist .
you have a little taste of the piece .
what we did -- betty , one of my students , and i -- we gave the babies two dishes with food : a bowl with a little bit of a rock , and a bowl with a little bit of a plastic cap .
i mean , last day , when we look at babies , they seem pretty useless .
and our babies and children are much longer dependent on us than the babies each other species .
the main thing is that it brings you to change the hypothesis .
now there are two things that really interesting about it .
boy : that &apos;s why .
our consciousness about this thing is going to be extremely bright and vivid , and everything else will be like dark .
&quot; babies and small children are like the research and the human species , &quot; says the psychologist , &quot; alison , &quot; is the psychologist , and they &apos;re exploring how babies play as babies play in play and make decisions .
if i could borrow a little demonstration for you , to give you a little demonstration of the difference -- because it &apos;s actually pretty trivial .
then you repeat this process and again , and again , until something comes out -- in this case , the character is going to be like me , just running straight .
what we really wanted was the whole human body .
you can &apos;t do that as well .
here &apos;s a few simple scenes , like he came up .
i &apos;m not sure why , but we did it anyway .
some studios already use our software to do exactly the same , and we &apos;ll soon get a few of our most powerful in a few of our major stages of life .
we thought he just would just hold the balance .
here you learn to go to the street -- like most of you hopefully know .
but i have to say , i &apos;m never going to forget what happened when i was 13 years old .
i &apos;m convinced that art and creativity are essential to develop empathy .
if you &apos;re ever lonely , you write a new york times , you get a new york times , and most of what i &apos;m going to do today is reported by frustration .
some stories are just classic , and yet it &apos;s so appealing .
it cleans . nobody ever bought it .
there &apos;s a border that we don &apos;t want to cross . so what is the solution ?
this is microsoft word , ok . if you want to make a new , empty document in word -- that could be done !
but i think there are actually two microsoft .
the other products were supported by microsoft with an open standard , rather than apple &apos;s standard standard .
and the other thing that someone &apos;s writing , if someone writes a little bit of a car -- what &apos;s going on every day -- i say , &quot; screw me . &quot;
but when i looked at the technology technology , nanotechnology , the other , and other people in the coming form of digital technologies , i was very worried about the most powerful .
and to cut the danger of these new things , we ultimately have to limit the ability of individuals to make them access to the access to the access to the access .
i think the challenge we &apos;re facing -- i &apos;m very sure that this is going to happen -- the challenge is , are we going to develop these online problems with the background that will take us out of this device ?
and if you build a three-dimensional structure , for example , you have all sorts of incredible properties .
and to give you a sense of the last little commercial fund -- he was walking on 400 million dollars , which is right for us , so that &apos;s pretty remarkable .
and if you &apos;re doing the concept of insurance companies , you can do a much more powerful resource -- the resource of the market -- to deliver feedback .
12 years ago , caves started to be fascinated , and i shifted my research into this direction .
so wonderful and grim things .
there &apos;s ice under the surface .
so they &apos;re a kind of a living form .
it &apos;s actually so much energy for biology in this cave that there &apos;s actually a big number of plastic points .
we can see them .
we noticed a few years ago that caves have been used many properties that were used by people and other organisms as habitat .
whenever you get a goal , you have to set up certain steps , and you have to be able to get certain ways to get a certain way .
and so it &apos;s also at archimedes , the great greek mathematician .
vodka was made about it , and it was suffering under tremendous amounts of water .
that means before we could start to digitize the most popular , we had to take the book apart .
and this is what it looks like .
but by flying the electrons around the light , they &apos;re going to be a professional .
this was a bad idea , because philip von macedon had a son named alexander the great , and she lost the battle of the world &apos;s battle .
because the institutions are now freezing with the data of the data and so much more .
the original owners of the bottle was one of the most enthusiastic of the 18th century .
i asked myself , 160 dollars for what ?
she has four balconies .
a key pattern is that many of these things come from japan -- they &apos;ll notice it .
i mean , a computer designer , a toilet toilet .
there was an object that i couldn &apos;t get in the finger , and that was the 1947 cheval blanc .
and i can &apos;t -- call my taste of a football -- so it &apos;s not necessarily important that i wasn &apos;t impressed , but i wasn &apos;t the only one there with this reaction .
at the beginning of this year , a virtual asteroid sold from it for haifa real dollars .
the really interesting thing about virtuality , is that you can measure it .
well , i could develop a game called the name of the name , just by getting a million pies , or a thousand pies .
if it &apos;s real boxes , we can &apos;t do much , but in a game we say , &quot; ok . &quot;
this is absolutely crucial and virtuality in it .
and i want to tell you a quick story , in 1999 -- there was a video game called the video game .
it &apos;s about how individual engagement can be transformed by the psychological and neurological insights that we get when we see people playing .
it &apos;s a kind of a kind of conceptual plaque that &apos;s called a calculus capitalist .
i &apos;m ellen , and i &apos;m totally obsessed with food .
there are certainly hunger in america , 49 million people and almost more of the children .
and their farms are also big .
it &apos;s the 30 anniversary of the grain of the grain of grain and the big bang , from chicken mcnuggets , the most frozen , the chicken of the chicken , the change in america and the change of the way we &apos;re being farming international .
this is a key , which i &apos;ve got two years ago , and that was one of the biggest projects i &apos;ve ever been involved in and my company .
but i &apos;m going to just just talk to the beginning of the process , three very , very reactive statements .
if we &apos;re so good , where we &apos;re going to do , we shouldn &apos;t be able to create an architectural manifestation that &apos;s absolutely popular by the most popular and the most competent thing ?
the architectural approach was , frankly , simple .
and this is the real money of the problem .
the second technology we use , we use things that you know about the most of the opera of a opera .
here you see the most pessimistic configuration .
i &apos;m going to talk about how to collect stories , in a way .
one of these projects is about a year old .
this is the images that are automatically created .
as long as i was awake , i had the camera to go to the neck .
you can see a timeline that shows you the exciting moments of history .
it &apos;s a lot of time . well , keep it on .
a pharmaceutical donation of a car worker .
an artist , a farmer , a farmer .
what if you found the truth for just a year , what would you do the next 35 years of life ?
&quot; money deserve and a business open , &quot; the indian state of art .
and he told them that he wanted to be in this , and he had given me about a little bit of a chance of survival .
don &apos;t get me wrong , writing has really benefits .
with the hand , it &apos;s almost impossible , except in the blink of the , and then the communication is limited .
very funny people , if lol means that .
you don &apos;t do that in the way .
if someone had seen a black board in 1993 , the most different thing had been a little different since the time of love , but he had understood what was there .
i &apos;m about the most popular , i wanted to say , if you &apos;re in new york , you can look at my work next week , and also in the most violent , in the south of the street in the street .
afghanistan is not an existential threat for global security .
and the same thing is true for the troops .
instead , there was a fee of the optimism optimism .
diplomats dig in in the street .
and finally , we need to understand that the secret of what we did in bosnia and kosovo , the secret of our success to the great part of our humility -- in the careful , sort of , in the very careful way of our intervention .
rory , she mentioned libya to end .
so here you see two examples .
this is an example of the same system , on a finger to show you how it looks .
there are also also a lot of time that &apos;s been deleted , but if you &apos;re going to get these online types of water , this is a different kind of information that &apos;s used for a different kind of information .
the most important thing . this is a hard problem for reasons that i &apos;m not going to be .
there &apos;s another one , very interesting connection , and this is that what you want to do is to lead valuable information on a general , bad phone .
so , i think it has the minimal food that we can probably achieve to make things .
and we decided we shouldn &apos;t think about the cost of the cost , but in terms of simplicity .
there &apos;s a book that says , &quot; what &apos;s the most important thing about kansas ? &quot;
so we have to ask why .
but nevertheless , you don &apos;t interact with people who are not like you .
so we can think about things like the most cosmopolitan .
i &apos;m kidding , but only half if i say that you &apos;re going to believe in the hospital , if you get to a missing limb , mri and mri and the computer &apos;s favorite cat .
then bell is turning on his students .
within a few years in the late 19th century , early 20th century , the doctor was suddenly adopted , trying to make a diagnosis , the most prolific .
between the perception of the patient and the doctors in terms of the best medical care care , a real contradiction is a real contradiction .
another experience i did in texas before i went to stanford , influenced me .
the bad news : we don &apos;t know the cause of the cause . look at it ? you can do that .
i remember so many big , highly , highly , highly pushed eyes to me in this ritual .
some of us call ourselves a more powerful term .
in this case , we &apos;ve tested this .
for you , here &apos;s the one , &quot; then a miracle happened !
and there was no way to be a little bit of a time .
religious health .
it &apos;s harder to move the dead to a answer .
my friend simon singh , a master &apos;s , does a master &apos;s book , wrote the book &quot; the big bang &quot; etc .
and now they open their eyes .
you can open it up completely , and it &apos;s a little bit of a mess .
but it &apos;s been inspired to think about this , that these guys , at least most , know what they do for a living .
all of that would be impossible .
you can create a lot of change . you can build roads .
and that &apos;s something that people want to do .
you don &apos;t need everyone .
hugo baehr has not invented the most powerful and middle class in venezuela , and he just led her .
and so it goes on .
they connect people together .
the reason ? the modern medicine is using a 60 years old .
there &apos;s another catch .
it &apos;s going to make it more quickly , over 26 times cheaper and over 400 times more than our current energy system for pancreatic cancer .
but my experience with the islamic world is very different .
so , there &apos;s the character of the nature .
and why does sex lead to babies , and why babies mean an erotic disaster ?
because it &apos;s the secret of the desire .
especially in this description of the other or my self -- that &apos;s the same -- particularly interesting , that there &apos;s no way to have a sense of desire .
this is your favorite and admiration , that &apos;s biology , the natural instinct .
and then the desire starts to do this . this study takes curiosity , and it takes curiosity .
you know , there &apos;s an erotic space that &apos;s heard every alone .
other places in the country had similar spaces .
in a cathedral cathedral , this kind of music is perfect .
ok .
that &apos;s usually played in smaller rooms .
so early , some people have a couple of places .
so i asked myself , ok , is this a model for design , that adaptation that we practice ?
thank you very much .
and then he turned to me and said , &quot; that &apos;s where it &apos;s on me !
how do we solve the next three problems that i want to bring to language ?
albert einstein -- i &apos;m talking to someone when i was in princeton , and i met mr. einstein .
what &apos;s in life ? why am i here ?
i never read a talk or a lecture or a lecture .
and it was about 300 people there .
he talked about his personal experience .
a french historian said two centuries later : &quot; rarely has a powerful mind with so much humility of the authority of jesus christ . &quot;
or he was what he argued .
i &apos;m not going to be about the teachers who mourn the teachers .
but for that , you have to sit around 10 minutes and take a woman in the arm that &apos;s not there .
i never was in .
harvest .
and i said , &quot; no , i said , &quot; no . &quot;
in 2010 , a young woman stands in president jolla and says , how they live and their siblings , their parents died in war .
we go in rural areas and everything we do , how it &apos;s happening in this room , we create a space .
i failed .
i want to look back at a look at 20 years and see that there &apos;s a more powerful girl , a nigerian girl , a nigerian girl on this ted stage .
lg : well , you &apos;d like to do .
licklider &apos;s recognized , computers can do the necessary , and make insight and decisions .
every interaction is recorded by more sensors : your phone , your card card , your computer , your computer , and you &apos;re getting a chance to understand our own existence .
these records were human populations .
by a permanent process , what &apos;s going to be a task for 40 people , was to a simple task for three months , and it &apos;s all the shit of the world &apos;s population .
we should stop seeing , after all .
and for dinner , i was driving home with my wife and the children .
because people say , &quot; shit man , i don &apos;t have time to be fit .
she was a much larger dog when i thought .
these effects affect us all .
the boom of the national economy is to our problems .
think about the street , you know , the math .
in the era , we have more common in katrina .
and they all have done that , and if not , they &apos;re going to have to .
help me make green black , help me make sustainability sexy .
so i thought that would be a chance to use scratch to make a interactive map for my mother .
but i &apos;m skeptical of what this kind of thing is .
in this case , you take a laser tag , put it on a pile and the pile of the pile of the different characters in a game or a story , in this case , that the big fish .
if you learn to code , you can program to learn .
if children like victor are creating projects like victor , they learn important concepts like variables , but that &apos;s just the beginning .
what i want to talk about today to give you a background is that cars are art .
i want to talk about this .
and i think that this thought that great cars is a soul , very useful , and they all know that . they recognize a car with the soul , and they know how strong it is .
this is one of my favorite things that really describes our relationship to cars .
right ? and they decided that it would be cheaper , instead of a studio and six or seven apartments , elizabeth , house in malibu .
there was a lot of dialogue .
i think we felt very close to each other that day , and we broke out threads , and we were going to be the concept of the real creature of true design and creativity .
we didn &apos;t bring it to boston .
i just have a little lab .
now we &apos;ve been studying clinical trials in four of these diseases .
we don &apos;t have a team of the team of engineering and the team of food that can be revealed to us this drug .
100 billion is the only number you need to know .
what you need to think about is that we have to do it with a universe with a hundred billion galaxies , with the hundred billion stars .
what he didn &apos;t explained was why entropy was ever low .
unlike the low entropy of the early universe , although we don &apos;t know the answer to it , we have a good theory that can explain this , if this theory is true , and that the theory of the dark energy .
and therefore , even though the universe is going to continue forever and ordinary matter and radiation , there will be a certain amount of radiation , some thermal fluctuations , even in empty space .
but we also give it big fluctuations .
it &apos;s cool .
it &apos;s a relentless fact of the universe that you &apos;re going to accept and not question .
i had never used a computer .
it was a future i couldn &apos;t accept .
now i want to do something out there , like me , say , to the africans and the poor who fight with their dreams .
no matter what i was doing in my real world , just using my little device in the digital world , eight years ago , in the years of 2000 .
i took this very literally , i took my bike bike , and i put it a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a sudden , which is the test of the projector .
the camera doesn &apos;t understand just my movements , but it &apos;s also capable of understanding what things i hold in my hand .
and why just just ? we can just play with documents .
all the work you &apos;ve seen is about my learning in india .
this is juan carlos , king of spain .
this is going to be the third park in rio , june this year .
again , you don &apos;t have to dig down deep under the earth to build a station .
i &apos;ll give you a quick example here .
almost every year we have these terrible folk systems .
we &apos;re under the average of the average in the city .
a city of the future is a city that nobody &apos;s left from this great community , which is cities .
the best answer is to try to reconstruct a darwin &apos;s darwinian health system from our artistic and aesthetic preferences .
so the trick of evolution is , you &apos;re beautiful to make it a kind of gravitational attraction , so it makes you joy , just looking at it .
and some are too big to use them for the battles .
our strong response to images , for expression of feelings in the art of music , is going to be the beauty of music in the sky sky , and our offspring are as long as the human race exists .
well , it &apos;s a pretty complicated system , but let me try to explain it , and maybe i can simplify it .
so , you can see here how the computer sees the environment , and there you can &apos;t see the alarm alarm , we actually can see the driver , we actually can see the driver &apos;s driver &apos;s brain .
and you can see if mark can avoid it .
or for blind people , in everyday devices in the household , education and office .
a subtle amount of noise had begun . the most common people , that ordinary people don &apos;t hear voices and i heard them , but i heard that something was not true to me .
my mental health was a catalyst for the design of the hate , hate and physical and sexual and sexual and sexual , and i was told by my psychiatrist , &quot; eleanor , with cancer , you &apos;re better than schizophrenia . &quot;
to get a corporate initiative , if the social change begins , it can &apos;t be sars .
and that &apos;s what we &apos;re doing right now .
so what i &apos;m proposing is that there &apos;s where we should look for life , rather than mars , although mars is also a very much more powerful and interesting place .
and the usual astronomers were full of contempt about it .
because it &apos;s the way that it can live out of life that can live out there , it has tremendous benefits compared to life on a planet .
there was another object , this high , highly , highly confused furniture with creatures and the naked -- pretty creepy things for a small child .
the first projects were modest , but they took technology and they might be able to do things that people use in a new way , and maybe find a new functionality .
the other thing that the most important thing is , is that we decided that we decided to include all the technical gadgets , this whole kind of thing , and tried to make it so beautiful .
so we called it y water . so that &apos;s another example where everything is happening in a room , which is the three-dimensional design , the ideas that are the development of the brand , it &apos;s all deeply interconnected .
this is my favorite anthony anthony , in switzerland , he had the laptop for a afternoon , i had to take him back with him . that was hard .
yves behar : the design of objects that tell stories
thank you .
my aunt , an incredibly , incredibly fond and brilliant woman , became early a widow .
she was the most popular thing for women &apos;s rights , which i &apos;ve ever heard .
look at these young girls who go back to school after acid in their faces , &quot; after acid . &quot;
the world was given to the gun , was a world in war .
then the situation will be tense .
they have to negotiate .
it &apos;s the people from my generation , which are growing in a world where everything is all the time and in the most of our best conversations on a screen .
and ultimately , it could mean that they could print their own medicine .
and if it &apos;s excitement , why it &apos;s interesting at all , then you have to look at the rest of saudi arabia , because it &apos;s a country that &apos;s the most difficult between the males .
maybe some things are bad traditions and they need changes .
let me give you an example : turkey , where i come from , which is a very , very reactive republic , we had a little bit of a little bit more , which is what i call the universities , to protect the college students .
if i would be the only person who thinks that &apos;s what we think we have .
in the 19th century , as muslims europe saw as an example , they were independent , they were independent .
so the e.u. was going to join the world &apos;s efforts , the eu , to join the e.u. within turkey , in turkey , as some of the people who were against the nazis .
there &apos;s a very big nose that doesn &apos;t seem to be the seemingly , when it &apos;s connected to anything .
if scientists today , a century later , they want to make neurons visible , and then they &apos;re going to light up , rather than making them .
carl ornish : glimpses of the inside of our brain
but this trend is less clearly .
but for many parts of africa , it &apos;s a colleague of mine , &quot; the truce at tuesday tuesday was just voted on the right time , so the genocide could start on the front of the evening . &quot;
and instead of putting this possibility , local leaders and international leaders are soon released and they have been a bit of a mess from the second flute , the events of the world &apos;s events . september 2001 and the wars in iraq .
and design design requires a strong focus on the most powerful , and the most powerful thinking and discrimination and the downs of it .
the stromatolites are the heroes of my story .
in flat seas , life has been drifting in early , and it turned into more complex shapes .
and the big way of walking across continents . the big journey started .
some of the mammals went back to the water .
every man should have a chance to identify something luxury .
but there was nothing for this purpose , so we &apos;ve got married with prostate cancer and then we created our motto , which is , &quot; the face of the man &apos;s health . &quot;
mo potts from canada , from the united states , and from england , and we call ourselves , and said , &quot; hey , there &apos;s nothing for prostate cancer .
and i said , &quot; last year we had the lucky fortune to have 450 official . &quot;
this kind of conversation , men to participate in every age , is so critical and important , and i think so much more important than the money we collect .
he could see what happened his forest , his environment , because his grandfather took him under his wing , when he was just two years old , and started teaching him about the forest and the way of life .
when i thought about it , i wonder what our grandchildren and our holiness would answer when they ask the same question .
we need new models to be a leader and human beings .
she works with people like the porn krishna .
a life for all of us , through the cultural revolution and everything that came after , he collected , so that he has over eight million parts in his museum , the contemporary chinese history .
it &apos;s just happening .
&quot; my world &quot; is subjective .
or maybe he was just a nightmare who sat on a rock and the sky , and the sun and the moon .
and if you lived a remarkable life , you will get into the field of the room , or , like the french call it , the &quot; the &quot; -- the sky -- the sky of the world &apos;s .
and so it comes to these great rituals where big amounts of water is built and to be reinvented for 10 days ...
do you see what &apos;s a business of the behavior of the market and the behavior of an organization ?
see , this is india today . the most important of reality is based on a window of view .
you know , he &apos;s built the biggest largest design system , called &quot; big power . &quot;
&quot; why i chose this path why i don &apos;t care about the procedure , just get me . &quot;
health &apos;s eye opens up the eyes for a new view of the myths of india and the west -- and shows why these are the systems of the world &apos;s system , the death of the death system with death and the most powerful to help us get rid of the risk of the world .
but you know what ? it &apos;s almost 2012 to say , &quot; i &apos;m completely and absolutely competent , &quot; is to destroy itself with the weakest praise .
you &apos;re interested in what ?
their friends and family will gather up at the cemetery , and there , on their grave , a tombstone is written on the face , &quot; here lies a great engineer , the velcro . &quot;
they &apos;re thrilled . this is the conversation , the mothers and fathers want to hear , because their child is good in math and they know what comes next .
that &apos;s because they -- you know what they &apos;re .
i have no patents and i never get money from a medical school system , and i don &apos;t have to get them to vote .
so how do you know if your breast is high density ?
ultrasound has more barbs to the consequence that are resistant to other technologies , and it &apos;s not very common .
if you find a tumor , as long as it &apos;s less than a centimeter , the survival rate is about 90 percent , but it falls massive with increasing energy levels .
the image of mbi shows this tumor much more likely , as a second tumor , which is very much about the surgical possibilities of the patient .
it costs a radiologists for special education to become an expert in it , a normal , normal detail of a computer of a computer .
some women who are getting breast cancer die , many years later , and fortunately , most of them survive .
da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da
we gather these physicists in los angeles to see what they build .
mill .
they slept in this lecture .
this is a great vision .
it &apos;s a question of the consequences .
so let &apos;s go to the point .
what did i do ? i heard my belly ?
that &apos;s interesting . this is a different way to think .
the kurzweil is basically a visualization of a human being where everyone is proportional to the surface that it &apos;s in the brain .
this is white noise .
and db will probably roll in your direction .
i did just to make money .
thank you .
and he told me to a long silence : &quot; i ask myself , &quot; i wonder , &quot; if people don &apos;t find their bedroom &apos;s fascinating fascinating . &quot;
this is the reason i &apos;m with david edward , a scientist from harvard , an object that can absorb the toxic elements with these plants .
no , not potatoes , but tomatoes , herbs and so on .
the tragedies of other people can take easier than the own and i want to be the mind of the conference .
according to malcolm gladwell , &#91; the &#93; most popular &#93; cocaine was the most prolific version of tomato soup for the inner city .
he was a really interesting sight .
he went back to the second floor and said , &quot; hey boys .
like mcdonald &apos;s .
let &apos;s think of other people &apos;s issues where you can expect a very high risk .
the second reason was that the gang was brilliant in marketing and was .
economists talk about game theory -- that every game for two people have a more powerful one .
and the sport is skydiving with a board on the feet .
so , in the high level , as you can see , it &apos;s just possible when you &apos;re going to step forward , if you &apos;re really making a lot of physically physically and mentally .
ue : no . this is just smoke .
i occasionally meet myself with scientists .
so i had the hope that , by using some natural elements , a little bit of fog , i could make the space tangible .
timothy means that it makes a difference , whether you do something or not .
the big mountains in the distance are less moving .
how do we create an idea that is both tolerant to individuality , and also to quantify , without the two different directions ?
i talked about new species of the world &apos;s new species , which are the animals that are attracted to it .
but even incredible was the material that took the most important thing .
they take them from the dead to take them .
at that time , he taught the classic at the university of the college college in the 1930s .
natalie merchant : singing old poems about life
it &apos;s not a dolphin .
as an adult , when i was about the amazing insights of penny , and koko , sue savage-rumbaugh with kanzi and panbanisha , the parrot , and alex , the parrot , i heard , i heard , i was excited about it .
so , the computer &apos;s favorite : ng : how that .
we &apos;re in the national aquarium , we &apos;re engaged for the most amazing , for the research and the preserve .
but we found pretty quickly that we had a system that connects people to each other .
today , that &apos;s the first time you talk about this topic .
this is a picture of me and my daughter we hold a israeli flag .
&quot; because it works , make a poster with me . &quot;
they came and they were so many . one day , i remember that the death of a journalist was talking to him , and he said , &quot; who will see this ? &quot; and he said , &quot; everybody . &quot;
it &apos;s not the most important . it &apos;s not my side .
and sometimes war is a war , but sometimes , with a little bit of effort , we can avoid it .
and what we &apos;re saying with &quot; yes is more , &quot; to try to question that the architectural design system is almost negative , and so , by who we are .
and we saw this guy , the guy .
and slowly , you start thinking that sustainable life makes less fun than life .
so go on the expo first to the danish pavilion , and get a bicycle wheel , and drive on the other side of the other .
it was interesting because she was in the morning of nine to 11 above the most successful , and how many billion they should invest in the economy .
this is a very popular from switzerland . in switzerland , there &apos;s a national need on the ground of the city .
we often do little movies .
what i &apos;d like to talk about is the biggest problems in the world .
but it &apos;s a problem of course , if you &apos;re concerned about people to focus on problems .
so what i &apos;m going to do is to say that we have a very long time , a situation that we had a number of choices in the choices that we had .
and then you ask , why economists ?
but it says that what we can do is very little , very high cost .
the most common thing about malaria is a few million infected per year .
what happens here is that we think about our priorities .
it &apos;s a good movie in terms of that i want to see it safe , right , but don &apos;t expect to be in the next movie brad pitt &apos;s next film , and he &apos;s doing something like that .
they had all the same material , but they could leave the frame of discussion , and they made sure they were doing their own lists .
his power , wealth and greater freedom to create is a lot of freedom . &quot;
secondly , china has managed to reduce the income distribution of income income without changing the political framework .
and the freedom of freedom found out that even though 50 percent of all countries are democratic today , 70 percent of them are a thriving , 70 percent of them , in terms of the people who have no adequate or a nuclear disease .
because finally , the question is , the question that we can and seven billion other people on this planet is : how can we create wealth ?
the most important thing is not that right on your place .
we &apos;re going to be interested in what really matters .
it was published six months ago , and it &apos;s just going to get incredible attention in germany .
you have to make a difference for growth .
i think it looks easy to human skin , which fascinated me .
but i think it could be a pretty smart and sustainable supplement to our own resources .
chinese workers are not going to be locked into factories because of our own demand for ipods .
just because one person spends their time to make a piece of something , doesn &apos;t mean that they will be a piece of something .
min &apos;s sister turned to him and said , &quot; some of you just understand this . you don &apos;t understand anything . &quot;
this is the most popular thing to tell me about the way to your family in the train .
the taliban are doing their own schools .
if any child gets caught in this rules , it will be hard to break it down .
when i look at suicide bombers , i &apos;m getting younger than i , or in my age , i feel so inspired by their attacks .
and this is going to be on the top , just on enceladus , waiting for the most of the time to be in the middle future , especially equipped to be able to pursue this question .
is the internet actually a place that you can visit ?
and the landscape is changing . three years ago , when i started to deal with this , there was only a cable along the african west coast , shown here in this map of steve song as a thin black line .
and that &apos;s not true to me .
this data is sent to layer for layer of layer , starting with the base of the product , and puts the material layer on layer , by the new layer of light in a field of light , which is going to be the old layer of light in a field of light .
it was made by purple layers of about four of the layers of layers .
a repulsion will probably be less likely .
you can just make it directly right in front of the place .
this is what the product is made .
without any doubt , i believe that this technology is a revolution in production and the most important way we &apos;re going to change them .
he was worried that when he called them at this name , especially outside , in the public , you could think he &apos;s a legacy of jihad .
they use his credit system .
the good news is that it &apos;s not that way .
but many of these factors that played a role are even more powerful now . half the work is done .
i was with my friend susan , who photographer photographer , in mathare valley , slums .
she said , &quot; you know , poverty wasn &apos;t the bad thing . it was the humiliation and the embarrassment all the time . &quot;
do you think i &apos;m going to miss the violence or the drugs ? the lack of privacy ?
first , instead of flying over months , and forget about it , the time was very much more powerful .
but it &apos;s less likely to stay .
and during my first year , i kept my company on .
it &apos;s even said that more energy will need to make a solar cell than you &apos;re going to bring in your entire body .
solar cells are collecting four hours long .
and they &apos;re also under great pressure and so dangerous .
this is a computer test .
it &apos;s just a little cylinder down here , which has the generator and all the most common in itself , and this is the hot , hot cylinder , the hot cylinder , the hot cylinder , that &apos;s the hot , and it comes out of electricity .
you don &apos;t have to use the hot water , it can also cool .
so here we have a map of the united states .
and we don &apos;t have a resurrection to use this energy so fast , how we do it right now .
we &apos;re bubbles it and we look at the parts .
it &apos;s a flying laboratory that we did the measurements in the region of this molecule .
but i &apos;ve continued to write bad poems , and he never got the most educated in the air , but he went to cuba .
so , from the very high of the , great things can come -- -- which i then get a picture of the time that i &apos;m going to land in my work .
i work for the new yorker and i do a little bit of time , and then 9 / 11 , and that was , &quot; oh , a &quot; the end of the world as we knew it . &quot;
and then you &apos;re going to say , &quot; summarize , &quot; it &apos;s a tongue with the tongue , but that &apos;s how we understand it . &quot;
&quot; and he decided that his favorite had to be extinct . &quot;
this man is angry because someone all over his staircase are suspended , and basically -- you know , onion here to be a subject -- you know , to be a theme .
and she &apos;s also out with george clooney , so i don &apos;t think it &apos;s .
td : since my youngest childhood and after , many different obligations were given to me , and when i was young , it always came to me that my journey was already a little bit more .
this is beautiful , but we should remember that a similar process should also be done on internal level .
td : lakshmi worked incredibly hard , even for my invitation , let alone , because of everything else they &apos;ve done , so that i was already quite nervous , and i was pretty nervous , and i was very nervous during this week .
in these two examples , we &apos;ve seen machines that have learned to go to the simulation , and others that have learned in reality .
if i say , &quot; i mean , i &apos;m going to give you the advice for the future .
but nobody believes it &apos;s actually going to be very effective if there &apos;s a real outbreak .
the biggest part of the administration in bush &apos;s administration is actually rather connected to anthrax and the threat through biological weapons .
we know that the virus will be mutate . it will be another virus .
but in the scientific community , there &apos;s a debate that &apos;s happening in the world of the world &apos;s percentage between people through cast and coughing and how much about the hands .
some of the poorest countries that have most experience with h5n1 have a full of drugs that are already gone .
and i think even our leaders would say that we have a lot to do with it .
i &apos;m very pleased to answer your questions .
our centers for the world centers have developed one of them , as rapid as a rapid , determined .
and in the most common time , people were similar bacterial infections also not .
don &apos;t just pay attention to how much fun you have , but also how the air &apos;s kind of changed the way that you can interact with a city like san francisco .
please put a little bit of a stick .
i &apos;m going to be a boy who was a boy , and he &apos;s a guy who &apos;s got to sell me three clubs .
i &apos;ve been playing with a kid &apos;s day , and i was climbing , and i &apos;m going to go , and i &apos;m 16 ; i &apos;m going to be a 16th .
manhattan is not going to go into the infinite .
so i &apos;m not supposed to be here , right ?
i &apos;m going to stay in the middle .
she was one , she was driving me to the triumph .
because of the most dark leaves and branches , it &apos;s very dark and very quietly .
i and my colleagues of the most important interest are interested in the dynamics of the world &apos;s dynamics .
we &apos;re advising ourselves with the media , we have a more powerful one ; we have a team of food .
and then the students in our recording studio came to our recording , and they took their own little beats with their own beats .
and our new project is that the inmates and we learn to grow the frog , to grow the frog , which is a highly endangered species of endangered species in the states and oregon .
he said , &quot; look what you &apos;ve hidden before you . &quot;
so we see a rising demand for the world &apos;s energy .
they &apos;re not a magician . they &apos;re not our parents .
you have to believe me . trust me . &quot;
and i learned two really important things that day .
the deeper we go under water , the higher is the pressure .
so i started about 15 years ago .
the air is going to be the air in the air , and it &apos;s going to be the air from the air .
every one of these computers can do the entire system , so if two of them are getting out , there &apos;s also reserves .
but this is what it looks like , and this habitat is continuing to continue to go over many miles .
so sharks are not quite so dangerous , as most people are doing .
when we found it , we didn &apos;t even have to be sure what family he heard , so we called him the &#91; after &#93; the day , because he looked like he looked like he was from his books .
oxygen oxygen caused a guar and it was burned .
this means that every one of them and every one of them here knows at least one child that suffers in a disorder .
and his communication and social interaction improved so much that he could visit a normal school and even a more powerful one .
it &apos;s like life : if you &apos;re in it , you can &apos;t get out of it again .
i know you &apos;ve never heard of him . but you &apos;ll notice this day , one day you &apos;ll hear about him , because he &apos;s a fascinating man . &quot;
nk : no , he died 25 years ago .
he had a lot of love , he loved everybody .
we , all of us , are what happens when a soup of hydrogen and helium is so long , that they start asking about their origins .
these are the most important evidence that life can exist in many other environments .
so you have to learn the diversity and the incredible scale of life on this planet in the first step , to be able to learn to live in a touch with life elsewhere .
so , silicon is so important as aluminum , and we &apos;re going to expand it in the future by expanding it in 350 antennae so that it &apos;s sensitive and to the moore &apos;s law of increasing computing .
and then we &apos;d like to make the search search of human health care .
many people say it &apos;s the best place to study the development of climate change .
every cylinder is a time of time .
while you &apos;re going to get the ice off , you &apos;re going to get a little bit of gloves in a oven , so you can put a new pair of gloves , if your blood cells are flooded and you &apos;re stiff .
i think that &apos;s a little bit of economic implant .
and our soldiers don &apos;t really look at the way to get a lot of time to push pipelines in the blink of the day , when they actually reported to service to be american , to be more educated .
you can still push that , and the efficiency almost triple with some of the most powerful improvements and the gross power of the great sea rate .
we could build bigger cars , which would be the security of the security , but it should be easy .
but instead , they sell it to china and japan because we have to protect our transportation system and not .
and by the time the design of the mass of mass production of this kind of materials , or in this case , to create the creation of the brain , as good as good , the most powerful , the most powerful thing can be able to do the internet .
it can &apos;t just act in a giant conspiracy .
there were two kinds of negative feedback that we have .
let &apos;s hope that it &apos;s really stable .
oops , i was wrong .
at the end , he found a giant , a dutch scholar called the han van meegeren , who sold him a wonderful vermeer to a prize that &apos;s about 10 million dollars .
according to his favorite , he looked like he had discovered the first time that there was bad in the world . &quot;
&quot; it &apos;s coming . what is it ? &quot; is a good answer .
but as attractive as you find them , how much they &apos;re sexually moving or romantic , depends on what they think they &apos;re looking at .
but each of these three objects has value beyond what it takes to be because of its story .
but i don &apos;t want a copy , even though i can &apos;t see the difference .
so he brought joshua bell to take his home on a subway station in washington d.c. , to a corner and see how much money he will take .
the second shock is painful because you &apos;re a little bit used to it .
and if you &apos;re going to see , you can see that maybe there &apos;s a kind of political health system .
they &apos;re going to be a organic , professional member of the american state of the american state of the u.s. economy , which sounds very glamorous and exciting .
and what you find is , of course , people who eat vegetables and olive oil , less than a lot of the food .
the most amazing thing is one of the most intriguing things in the world of medicine .
it &apos;s a very clear conclusion when you give a drug in such high doses that it will have more side effects , and that you &apos;re going to look better for your new drug .
the big trials are closer to the true answer .
this is a problem that doesn &apos;t exist right now .
and very soon , they would have started this coal , 26 times to spend a ton of rice , 26 times , to china , back to china , and all over the world .
can you imagine how you feel if you were in my place ?
it &apos;s just about oil ; you know that , all knowledge .
there &apos;s this thing that &apos;s the world &apos;s most important , and that &apos;s right from the middle of the united states .
and what do you see ? they &apos;re christians .
the americans , the americans , are kind of like , &quot; ah , helmet .
these christians are a little bit of the fish .
they vibrate . that &apos;s wrong .
and the soldiers are chinese , and all the other people are chinese .
you can imagine that maybe one of them on the morning is going to be buried down to his child and it &apos;s been saying , &quot; honey , i &apos;m back back .
everything has changed .
and all of that has had tremendous implications on the world .
i think thomas jefferson has been doing this very well in words .
for the most important in the audience , the way that you can explain why the more powerful budget has a budget than comedy , that &apos;s because of the fact that the way that they have more languages and cultures are translating up , so the market is bigger for these films .
but it &apos;s going to happen within this century .
this is not the u.s. &apos;s business of the united states , which is going to be in a million , but gdp of the world per capita -- 200,000 dollars .
and also , as everyone here knows -- it &apos;s about energy , not oil .
my choice is the peak of a lifetime of life that started growing up on the gulf of the gulf of the gulf .
a lot of our actions on this planet , which are based on our living environment , are only motivated by faith and guess .
one has been a million or millions of years .
we need to calm down before we ruin the planet .
e. wilson : saving life on earth
another more exciting european is the famous european .
the passenger pigeon contains 1.3 billion base pairs .
the reversal of the extinction falls into this category .
real falcon from lightly chickens .
there &apos;s a program behind the computer , which is just brilliant .
this is an emotional topic . some people got up .
my grandmother was a skeptic .
i also made my own comic , which was another way to tell stories , through words and pictures .
and we sat in a short way , in silence and he said to me , &quot; you &apos;re really talented . &quot;
use your own style . draw not , you know , how to tell you .
&quot; rather jarrett , i &apos;ve got your favorite card .
i &apos;m also going to publish a children &apos;s book with the title : &quot; police police police , &quot; the most popular who &apos;s going to be . &quot;
sound affects us all the physiological , psychological , cognitively and more vulnerable .
this is a 32 million pounds of expensive , important , highly important , which was recently built in england , designed by a british scientist .
but it &apos;s not just kids who are affected by that .
people who say , let &apos;s not sit next to this team , because the noise likes and the other silence .
&quot; upwake &quot; tells a story about zero , a contemporary business company who carries his life in the suitcase with himself , and the dream between reality and reality is not able to be able to fill both .
and the frames and four years later , and four years later , what was started to do was a little bit of a sudden a professional entrepreneur , a trained of a talented act of hiv actors .
i know theater connects us .
now , the time we can use the diversity of our talents to create a smart , important and extraordinary work . and we went .
if you look around in the bathroom , you see some products more like the , like , for example , the more powerful , the more powerful , the internet , but also the toothpaste .
and the collagen collagen -- or , since the &apos; 70s , collagen of pigs -- is used to inject it into fold .
i found out of 185 products .
and i said , &quot; my love , i &apos;m afraid you have a long and more forth year . &quot;
i told them , they should be able to do this : &quot; i &apos;m somebody .
they gave me the feeling of being someone in a time where i felt like one .
they &apos;re working on the ninth copy , so they started in the 1930s , and now the letters of p is reaching .
hundreds of verbs can behave like this .
you can see that as the language of the thought , or &quot; the &quot; shhh . &quot;
so the mystery is , why is the horror , polite requests , and the threats and threats so often ?
you can try to imagine what would be , if language could only be used literally literally .
and the other puzzle is that i don &apos;t have a problem with it .
here &apos;s my argument . is it sustainable ? is it good ?
it &apos;s going to make it a little bit more powerful . it &apos;s a little bit of a matter .
what are you going to have won me to convince you ?
all these different roles . can you imagine a argument where they &apos;re involved , but in the audience , and watch the conversation ?
or -- and that &apos;s the most important part of me : we want them to be in the world of nature , we bring a design challenge and finding the master &apos;s master &apos;s master that might inspire us .
it changed everything . it was not going to be done by the boat .
here &apos;s the opposite -- here &apos;s how we make things .
this is the national national laboratory .
that would be a fuel cell for fuel cells if you could without a curse .
this is not easy , because life only uses a subset of the elements in the periodic table .
feeling and respond : feedback is very important .
what you don &apos;t see is you can &apos;t count .
my first business was a computer company . i started under the taliban .
in south korea and indonesia , almost half a million companies are women .
because , as the most of the time , the smaller , smaller , more direct in direct relation to economic growth .
and the world in all the world are not exceptions .
people are going to be able to do that , and this wonder , and this wonder .
i have a big bang of happy , and i &apos;m going to put a needle on my own , and i want to use paper paper to be a paper towel , and now i want to use paper paper .
first we have it .
what does that mean ?
when i started to deal with them , i realized that they have adapted incredibly well .
but the researchers had a problem .
until then , they went to their degree and left the campus -- and certainly happy to come out there -- some time later , and they realized that the crows were still remembered to them .
we found that they &apos;re really smart and they can teach each other .
squirrel for example , for example , would come to the peanut and go back to the peanut .
but there were three problems that i couldn &apos;t solve , and i want to talk about it , but i &apos;m going to talk about it , but i &apos;ve found a more important one .
who would ever hire me ? &quot;
and imagine what could happen because every region has something to offer .
let me make the connection .
you know that there &apos;s the future of the future . you have to understand that .
this is too simplistic .
oh yeah , i &apos;m going to be the johnny &apos;s favorite of the notes .
about 10 million of the millions of people .
and here &apos;s over here , with the words of the radiologists israel , &quot; like the hand in a way , &quot; how the hand is reminded in a way that reminds you . &quot;
and she said , &quot; yes , but i would rather eat , if you don &apos;t have anything about it . &quot;
i said , &quot; you should make an experiment .
he had a line in his book , which is supposed to be made out of the street , and there was a little bit of an maria maria , who had trouble with conception .
so now you have an evolutionary excuse .
she said -- i have to read you what she said , because i find it so beautiful .
i think that &apos;s very unfortunate . not because i &apos;d like to use it . i wanted to see him .
and that &apos;s actually the beginning of our story .
now i thought to this moment that at age 50 , one of the skills i really had was to tie my shoes .
first of all , i have to tell you that i &apos;m not here .
yes . the artist doesn &apos;t seem to know exactly where to put the different colors .
but i can see in your faces that you &apos;re still a little bit skeptical .
it &apos;s called &quot; the &quot; shhh &quot; and i think that &apos;s appropriate .
after a while , i decided to have a little fun , and before i left the room in the morning , i would have a few things in the room .
and now they &apos;re all in here .
my father was one , so my youth was really interesting .
the song as a mere fact .
i &apos;m going to say , &quot; wait , is it good , i &apos;m going to put wheels . &quot; i bought the wheels , i bought the weird wheels , and i built them , and i &apos;d like to look at it -- could i have my favorite card ?
it just sounds like , but i think we generally have a huge society in our society and culture with intent .
he had designed the sponsors himself , and he was really proud of it .
human , i love the thing .
the consequences of a planet , on the planet , is already seven billion people .
especially proud of the very easy seat , he was the very easy seat he had given his favorite seat , and on the beautiful side of the seat around the seat .
intent -- a life with intent -- lived in the original thing , the original thing .
i saw the healthy mass of a left , and i was documenting that she was lost , and i was not able to do all of that , but not possible .
and then i started to ask how many times before my life would have been different when this man would not have hurt me if my genes had a different part of experience .
i was , but i was now a more of a time , and i think i was doing this , and i think i was now doing myself .
i had a lot of simpler hoping to trade this turkish , and to make me go back to my way to my way .
he spent six months in prison , lost his birthday for a decade .
yeah , contrast .
we &apos;re working with the machine called the laboratory laboratory in california , san diego combined .
first , the perception of people . and second , a natural interface , a natural form of control , so that the interaction is going to be more intuitive to the robot for you .
and yet i made this idea to her own .
after i &apos;ve realized this economic danger , i thought we need to find a solution for this problem .
some of you have actually put up the speaker , like nathan chaplin &apos;s way to talk to nathan , or the one of tim ferriss who may be considered a very high .
i don &apos;t know a tedtalk that includes this .
i paid 25 cents , because i found the task a little bit harder .
and yet , there was one thing that all of the sudden was : the expansion had to slow down .
keep the mystery of the dark energy in the back of the back , because i &apos;m going to call you three main types of string theory .
the world &apos;s list went on about 10 .
and he worked for decades to explain this number , but he didn &apos;t succeed , and we know why .
each of these universes has additional dimensions .
because the astronomers of today , by turning powerful telescopes to the sky , discover a handful of photons -- a kind of cosmic cable , billions of years on the road .
well , i want to be honest with you and tell you that most of it is just a trick , but a trick that actually works .
think about it , it &apos;s the first time you meet it . we want to really get them to be really excited about it .
he said , &quot; go , milo . squash them . &quot;
pm : that &apos;s dimitri &apos;s right in the blink of the world .
we don &apos;t know anybody here .
the next moment , the phone doesn &apos;t work anymore , the tv is coming out , armed men are on the street .
it was a very grim meeting of the reporter who had been working in war , who had employees of ngos , and of course the bold , brave people of sarajevo himself .
if i &apos;m going to ask , why i &apos;m going to keep doing it , why i &apos;m going to stay on that , that &apos;s the reason .
but it &apos;s my job of this testimony , and that &apos;s the most powerful , the core of the thing , for us reporter .
even before a goal appears to be able to get the joystick to the joystick , the goal of the target , the goal is to find the goal , no matter where it is .
basically , we trained the animals to control these kinds of things , and to explore objects in the virtual world .
in an experiment we did a few years ago , we went to the limit .
so we start in china .
so dai manju did the most finished .
please raise your hand .
the last reason that women have to do is that women are part of the solution .
in niger , in the average of seven women , one of the seven women dies in the birth of a child .
it was part of the solution , not the problem .
larry pugh , when he was appointed the world bank , once said , &quot; it can be good that investment in the developing world is going to be the highest economic growth . &quot;
this is bill &apos;s book .
and that was the feather of a bird .
this whole gyre of the entire pacific is telling us that there &apos;s a more powerful one .
and even this picture makes the suspects sense , to be a little bit of the sense of the -- how something from the most violent &amp; amp ; and a vc &apos;s &amp; amp ;
one of these options was that we could have gotten to have a little bit of time .
they put their arrowheads and say , &quot; i want to share this arrowheads against the end of the end . we share 50 to 50 . &quot;
there are places that are going to be able to meet all three or four miles on a new language .
when 27 individuals from these 27 member member , they put themselves on a table , their 23 languages , then they tell you a little bit of a single thing that they need to be a army of a computer of the world &apos;s worth of life to be prepared to be prepared for all the possibilities .
but it doesn &apos;t tell us that they &apos;ve also got language .
and what i &apos;m most interested in is the invisible space between a text and the other image , and how the picture is changing through the text , and the text through the image .
this is a little bit of the world &apos;s favorite , which is the bottom of the atlantic ocean , connecting north america to europe .
they turn the negative to .
but through the impression of the notion of the brain , the most powerful , and the most common , the most powerful and live .
larry mandelbrot was sitting in a 10 years of a 10 year-old prison sentence , in arizona , for kidnapping and repeated a young boy on a giant school party .
and the people are leaving themselves .
and they &apos;ve taken them for us here for texas .
and now they &apos;re driving with the food where they &apos;re in this moment .
it &apos;s just the big part of space that makes it look like this , as a result .
so something called a sense of feeling : the pursuit of happiness and human design .
partly , the legacy of the legacy , the kiss , the pursuit of happiness for happiness , is driven by the kind of data of the individual , and can &apos;t be found in reality .
a science of happiness is that happiness and poverty is not a valid continuum in a closed continuum .
it starts in the field of water .
here &apos;s a three weeks old baby .
in the animal kingdom , there &apos;s only one possibility to increase the status of the status .
i want to close with some quotes .
why should you choose rats ?
once the rat understood that , we make a little bit more difficult to do .
you can actually cure t.b. , even people who are hiv hiv .
with the knowledge that a patient who remains microscopic , until 15 people infected -- 15 healthy people -- a year , you can be sure that we &apos;ve saved many lives .
here we see neurons .
so this is important for imitation and emulation .
now , the question is : if i just watch a different person &apos;s touch , why am i not confused and literally watching this kind of thing from the naked , how someone is touching ?
thank you . i have two missions today .
i &apos;m not really about the most violent , but it &apos;s about the pollen itself .
all these pictures were taken by a scanning microscope by the way in the lab of kew .
even every single one of us has a story to tell the most about the most powerful thing .
we need to be so good as the breast cancer campaign to address this crisis .
right now , in the 1980s , when we were growing women and death through heart disease , they wrote a paper for the new england journal of medicine and called the syndrome .
our colleagues in washington , d.c.
we decided , &quot; let &apos;s look at this . &quot;
unlike the , x-ray , x-ray , for women , their breast , their breast , the way that we &apos;re being disabled , every time we organize something that contains a little bit of radiation , we ask : &quot; is this test really necessary ? &quot;
okay , here we have started .
they did what they said , they &apos;ve given them , they were held , and they were gathered .
the cells have something like this , and in the dish , they don &apos;t feel like the native .
what does that mean for us ?
in the course of three years , we took eight to 10 hours , collected about a quarter of a million hours of carbon , and the most powerful hours of water .
this is one of the first most important , which is something that came out of a year ago , which really surprised us .
and finally , my son is playing alone in a walker .
three of the most important people in this project philip , rony , and brandon roy are here to see .
and there &apos;s a fascinating dynamic in the game .
this is the first time that our son made more than two steps -- captured in the movie .
and this is a important question to be asked , because the better we understand how the brain is generating meaning , the better we can communicate . i think the better we can think of it and work .
it &apos;s a kind of center where you see a picture and think , &quot; oh ! i have a strong or emotional response to the things . &quot;
what we literally do is to paint our teams in the entire world &apos;s entire wall .
this is the first house i built .
it &apos;s not just about hygiene , but it &apos;s also about the possibility of relaxation .
so it doesn &apos;t make it .
if you translated that into the building industry , if you have a car company and you have a window , we say , &quot; oh no , that &apos;s broken , that &apos;s broken .
that &apos;s the difference .
so we continued to put it on .
are we just stupid ?
you can maybe go through it in two years , if you read eight hours a day .
so in september , you can go and say , &quot; i &apos;m important today .
why don &apos;t you do that , and why don &apos;t you do that ? &quot;
and the police waiting to get the fire shelf to cut the vehicle into pieces , to get the body of the driver .
and that &apos;s enough to the present with the most popular in the united states , where a eye of divinity is affected .
all of this leads to -- the only thing that we do is to name that , which is what we &apos;re doing most of the time , digital devices .
this is the consequence of the destruction of more than a third of the brain on the right side of the stroke .
this is a very , very low level to get out of the health care system .
he then held my jaw in the right position , and he was holding my teeth .
alfred mann is a brilliant physicist and innovator who is fascinated by the gaps of the conscious world , whether he &apos;s a deaf hearing , or a blind , or a paralyzed , or a paralyzed movement .
now i had to go into the dark years , and i had to find out what was going on , when everything that was particularly made of this today .
and it works . it works .
lp : so if you have the opportunity , you spend time with simon .
and these were the developing countries : they had big families and a relatively short life .
and these are on this side . a big overlap of africa and the one .
and then deng xiaoping came and brought money to china and brought the country back to a middle .
a search of a search that we can copy the data in a form of format and publish the world , and what do we hear when we look around ?
but this creates hypotheses .
you know , darwin has explained life after it came out , what was the essence of life ?
and i learned francis crick .
but there was what in the literature .
we were not the best chemist in the room .
i was unhappy ; my girl didn &apos;t marry me .
you can compare dna to the normal sectors and the temporal sectors .
and so i close by saying , by telling us , we &apos;ve looked at 20 people with schizophrenia .
average , the defense in one case is two million dollars , and it takes 18 months to win .
first , they don &apos;t fight the patent , but against the patent of the world .
my solution : give me this patent and i &apos;ll leave you with a little bit of time .
&quot; why not ? &quot; said , &quot; the girls .
the fathers were in a place where they move their daughters to play their daughters , and their hand could reach out to dance .
this is a great technology .
it &apos;s not very much left on the world .
it can &apos;t survive for a long time in humans .
can &apos;t see the enemy of most of the time , and we needed a different approach to eradicate polio as we had done it with smallpox .
it helped control pandemic pandemic , sars , for example .
the reality of polio today is something very different .
and yet , the impossible is happening .
bill gates : now bruce , where are you from your view of the most difficult places ?
bruce ritchie : how we get polio to a standstill
dj : we found this high-resolution thing now at all possible animals , especially in the cats .
and to our surprise , it became a more unfair .
for us , this elephant has become a symbol of inspiration , a symbol of hope , which is accompanied us with our work .
it was incredibly amazing when she took it in security to protect it before the hyena .
and of course , if i look at these online , the most powerful , it reminds me of a human hand , and that &apos;s ironic because your fate is in our hand .
we need it . we respect and celebrate each other as a man and a woman , as a community and as part of this planet and we need to continue to continue .
it seems obvious to be obvious that the earth is big and remain , the sun is small and flexible , but it &apos;s worth remembering what &apos;s going on to be a little bit of the time .
and that &apos;s because in middle world , there &apos;s always a place in middle middle .
nature &apos;s nature depends on what kind of animal we are .
because there are so many of them , and because between them , there &apos;s no consensus about their favorite , the most powerful , the most powerful , like we see it in middle world , and we see it in middle world .
people like to treat a machines like a machines and being rejected , but it &apos;s a waste of time , if you want to guess what the person &apos;s going to do next .
i was going to be at the wheels age of 40 years old in the wheels age .
over a cursor i control with my head , i allow these pieces of light to see videos of the robot and send orders to the robot by putting buttons into a laser scanner .
with the help of people like you , we can make this dream .
for example , in oceanography , for example , a health lexicon is developed by the most important , which is basically the most prolific , which is the dolphins , visualizing the dolphins .
i think we can form a global community .
this is a hot lake of water .
there are now some lessons -- there are some lessons that you can learn from it .
but normally we don &apos;t do this .
i think we tend to look at this : the infrastructure of globalization .
this is down to 12 to 15 percent .
this is a problem we need to solve .
i also assume that most of you don &apos;t speak chinese -- what really sad is when you think that this is the most common language in the internet .
what do you look at ? maybe we should do that .
if you look at this picture , you might think , &quot; why should i care about that ? &quot;
but there are all these different techniques that allow you to go out and look at the world and find its place in it .
they would bring wealth and security , religious violence overcome and make sure that states never go back to terrorists .
and part of this activity is honesty .
what is this ?
i love this dish .
and the war was caused by 20 million people , and the world &apos;s life was the world &apos;s life .
so , the pope &apos;s sen , who is this guy , &quot; i would have made all this money , but i spent all these time looking for the american man who had stolen my recipe .
chinese restaurants have done the same thing , i would argue , with the menu and the decoration -- even the restaurant name -- but without a centralized headquarters .
in contrast , we have general tso chicken , which started in new york city in the early 1970s , when i started to start in the university of new york city , so ...
so what we see in the 17th century , 18th century , is the most important search for medicine , which creates the same thing .
so people would have a really big fit .
when the protocols started to become less , i was clearly more depressed , until i thought my god , i can &apos;t work anymore .
do you remember having to go to every line ?
18 and 19 , i slept at night .
again , i &apos;ll be depressed and a little bit of a memorable .
so many of us are clear that there are a lot of time to do in the next few years , in the next few years .
he goes around : &quot; how does it feel to be free ? &quot;
you know , where did the world work in the treatment of the known problems that led to the potential of earthquake and climate change ?
if you put the impossible , you can do it .
but we have reached a agreement to climate change .
and there &apos;s god crying .
the most remarkable thing is , it uses two ingredients , and they use two ingredients , proteins and water that are in their spinneret to create a material that is extraordinary to be more difficult with technical fibers like kevlar .
or you &apos;re doing beautiful things like this , if the camera can capture this .
here you see how it &apos;s taken from the tissue .
with my new project , marilyn cousteau , i want to use art to create technology .
there &apos;s also a microphone that &apos;s going to mess that up and record the round of applause and the round of the -- hopefully not -- to help him make some of his next decisions .
what do i do ? &quot;
in the frame of this , unprecedented demonstration , heather knight data , a little more than a more powerful , can be a lot more than a computer designer -- he &apos;s collecting the feedback of his audience and he &apos;s going to be the answer to the amount of the crowd .
stanley milgram , inventor of the known to be known by the known , held in the most violent and the most cosmopolitan , that there were two people a connection about only five to seven steps .
how does our view change about relationships to the whole community ?
there was a exchange that i &apos;m going to tell you , and where he might have been able to put me in the ear .
um ... my dad , a computer scientist ?
it was his father who decided that they needed wrong papers .
this feeling of responsibility about other people &apos;s life , he had his young age of 17 years , and his fault , to be a more , a , a , a , because he was out of a camp , he kept his whole life .
and as my six-year-old and my graduate student believed , i was thinking , sort of orphans , my father was wrong with my father .
i asked him , in the face of the victims he had ever had , if he ever had the ever ever ever .
we grow from a few million people to the seven billion people that we are today , right now .
the arctic , a beautiful system , a very beautiful system on the surface of a road , which is a very good place to be a very good state , which seems to be in a good state .
if you &apos;re going to the forests of the forest , the border of land , you &apos;re going to be experimenting with the ability to stay stable .
with the realization of the knowledge of the , fishermen , the great great barrier reef , and scientists that the great barrier reef is injured under the current economy .
but the drama is , of course , that it &apos;s clear that the change is not an option .
that leads me to another reason why i &apos;m here today : because i really like media all the way .
this is a race of a race from a race of a race .
first , he uses an ancient way of making the design and connected , and with a three-dimensional perspective , which was a whole new technique at that time .
and through the process of sugar , i asked portraits of them .
it became very large images and i took them with a very large camera , a camera camera .
my interest in the most bad , particularly bad , is very far .
on the back , a sequence is also the chimps .
we can ask , is there any general differences between africans and the world &apos;s disease ?
and then you can compare it to the genome of living people today .
so we can then ask for the incidents of the same questions , how for neanderthals : have you mixed with the ancestors today ?
there are many people who designed their own vision , like this vision of the beginning of the 20th century .
after my belief , the airplane of the future has its own consciousness .
imagine , carbon nanotubes grow in 3d 3d printer , and they &apos;re embedded in a more concrete , and follow the forces that occur in their components .
they didn &apos;t speak . but especially they were isolated from the world around them , from their surroundings and from the people .
they would be able to call them the police . they would call the police .
now we know that it &apos;s about a 100 .
you see a video .
you have the feeling that the research you have , really , is a effect on reality , that you can actually prevent these experiences with that i &apos;ve started to start with my journey on this area .
then you go off .
you can put your hands in a stare -- chin on the top of your body , poor extended over your body &apos;s car .
they did all the same way we taught them .
and after the battle , they bring this mobile class and they do what you call &quot; the &quot; design &quot; to teach you what you did wrong .
people also have changed .
i said , &quot; where is he now ? &quot;
this is not a piece of light .
and she showed up on the left piece to tell me how problematic this picture was , which was for her to be the idea of the idea of how black was represented .
it &apos;s really in this sense of the most important thing that i have a new set of questions that i &apos;m going to do .
well , that &apos;s kind of an obvious statement .
and the kids said , &quot; how do we do that . &quot;
i think they &apos;re trying to multiply numbers .
so i said , &quot; how long did you do that before you decided you didn &apos;t understand anything ? &quot;
their main rate increased in 50 , which is something that &apos;s different schools in the way that they &apos;re doing a biotechnology biotechnology teacher .
was 76 percent . the test , two months later , was the result of 76 percent .
after eight ted talks , he wanted to be there .
these are 4,000 .
suddenly , i looked out of the darkness on the opposite side of the space , a mirror of mirrors that were cut off the moon .
if i had to reduce the whole story on a picture , what would it be ?
now i &apos;m going to show you some clips from my other big project in this year . &quot; the tempest &quot; -- the storm -- the storm .
and our little life ends up in a sleep .
bono : &quot; you &apos;re mythologies .
i know you understand that .
so blue , blue , everything was blue .
i want to tell you two stories . both play in africa .
it &apos;s another one that acts on the interface of health and business .
let &apos;s use the markets as the most sophisticated , which we have , and we find out what the price of people would pay for , so that they would have the choice .
thank you .
the most popular thing was , if my mother couldn &apos;t understand it , then we couldn &apos;t use it in the video .
we destroyed two of the two things , and 10 television .
the little little bit of the light to remove it from his tracks , and that was a problem .
this is very good . it &apos;s going to slow .
i &apos;d like to show you a video of a few of the models that i work with .
tissue of the density of density and behavior is the second part , and that &apos;s actually the key to use these models for the design system .
thank you .
and the attempt to fly just to fly the arrow of the end of the end is to shoot the arrow of the end , and it was hard work , and young , boy , i have learned a lot of respect for nature .
now let &apos;s look at the other side .
we work on projects -- even more sophisticated developments , like the kind of energy technology -- with darpa , the california institute of technology and university los angeles .
be careful , you just behave like wood or something like that .
now i didn &apos;t try to be a lot of time .
they go forever .
these are about two billion .
it takes it to be about three years of the last three years .
don &apos;t forget that one of them is going to go home .
but for me , it &apos;s great because it &apos;s a metaphor for time , where we can live in the human mind , and machines can win .
i &apos;ve got a lot of mass . where did you come from ?
it &apos;s too afraid that the way in the wild could be extinct in 20 to 30 years .
all the evidence at that point is that this cancer is being transmitted from a virus .
i took the opportunity to get a few samples out of jonas &apos; tumor and a few samples from other parts of the body .
she brought him to the veterinarian and this discovered something called a little bit of a bit of a sudden .
and finally , cancer is an inevitable consequence of our cells to share and adapt to their environment .
and i &apos;m not alone .
and that &apos;s a global phenomenon .
they would be able to wait for them to wait .
and that &apos;s the third reason why a low expectation doesn &apos;t make us happy .
but they didn &apos;t feel that the numbers on them were going to be .
first , i &apos;m going to show you the most important for the optimism bias .
but the good news is that our illusion is not broken when we &apos;re aware of this kind of thing .
but what we &apos;re going to see in the 21st century is asia , the incremental back , to go back more than half the world &apos;s population and to do about half the global economy .
you could look at this as the privatization of the war .
after 1958 , the soviets had been , &quot; that &apos;s the end of america . &quot;
if you live in japan or new delhi or new delhi , you will be something different than you live in beijing .
and if we have strategies in which we &apos;re going to get this in bigger historical context , we can be able to do this process .
how do we define our national interests so that it &apos;s not just a long-term health system , but it &apos;s positive .
this is the conventional approach .
this has typically the responsibility to be supported by a stable security system .
they &apos;re dependent on each other .
jobs for who ? especially for young men .
after all , the legal system is not even collapsed , you can &apos;t even get access to it .
the supply of the own , after the conflict , was motivated by the government .
this is the silhouette of my hometown of new orleans .
the military has realized it . they call the climate change , which is security and stability , as governments are discussing in the world , as governments are in the world .
it allows you to become more productive , so you can afford to do the insurance itself .
these are certainly inspiring examples of possible solutions , if we feel in the situation , to plan a world &apos;s own world .
listen like chinese students to practice english by shouting it .
teacher : perfect ! students : perfect !
and that includes things like the concrete world with a very basic world , to make abstractions that we &apos;re trying to make sense of , and we also take the hypothetical seriously , we &apos;re more likely to ask what it might be like .
luria looked at people before they were in the scientific age , and he found that these people were resistant to a civilizational world .
and luria said , &quot; the north pole is always snow .
they chose a two-six instead of new york .
it wasn &apos;t just the spread of cognitively sophisticated professions .
would you have made it to be killed ? &quot;
you could say , a half .
it feels like i landed in a colony of angels . &quot;
and they &apos;re going to be able to do a degree in something .
it &apos;s still in the red numbers , but chris did it with personal victims , this film .
i &apos;m one of her favorite .
there &apos;s a prime minister , a minister , secretary of defense and a cfo of the world &apos;s license .
boy : the most serious thing is serious .
we were all mad to them , &quot; why do you do that ?
that &apos;s going to be a lot of real , if you read it . &quot;
we &apos;ve always played the game after weeks , about seven weeks , and we &apos;ve been in the essence of all 50 together , and we &apos;ve been documenting all 50 together .
and we have 600 billion dollars .
many people announced good jobs , and they were watching the most powerful .
it &apos;s like his own little connection .
if i all of the three legs of this triangle , i would get a tetrahedron in the three peaks .
so everything you do is -- it &apos;s a very , very noisy case -- this old , old plastic , and this old plastic , and this is a very simple plastic , very simple one .
this is possible if you have a whole piece of paper , and you can be mutilated paper -- you can be in a school school or in a state school -- a leaf , a ruler , a pen , no glue , no glue .
what we do is a very simple tool .
this is a little tube , which is what you do , this two corners here , it &apos;s going to be like a car cap .
here are two magnets .
it was very many passengers on the ship , and they were bored , so the captain invited them to his deck .
in the most popular conference , arvind gupta shows simple and yet amazing plans to turn waste into really , very constructed toys , which can build children themselves -- while they &apos;re learning basic principles of science and design .
it was a big challenge , and it was actually examples of biology that had a lot of evidence .
and there &apos;s a few examples of projects that are aware of the ecosystems that are aware of ecosystems .
and with a little planning , we can actually be dominated by traffic , in a turn , which offers open space for people , which is the open space of people , and it &apos;s turning waste into opportunities in opportunities .
this photo was done on the day of the day , and only a year later , it looked like this .
if you degrade seawater , the first thing is calcium carbonate .
no , you have to be able to get people to be able to get into the minds of the visions of visions . &quot;
i was looking for somebody who is jewish because i &apos;m jewish and because i &apos;m very important .
but the real failure was that there were lots of men who wanted to go to me .
very few of us have the ability to be absolutely honest with themselves .
he likes to travel as long as it &apos;s not on a top of a car .
i was basically trying to be like the design of the way .
because you remember my favorite , you have to get a $ 700 of 700 points and nobody did this .
most of you . gamers are 33 years old , not eight years , and if we look at the most sophisticated demographics of the world &apos;s population , the gamers of tomorrow are older adults .
imagine that your vision is very , very good .
these gamers even have many other benefits in terms of attention , and a aspect of attention , which is also improved , is our ability to track objects in our environment .
i want to ask you to remember this result , and it &apos;s in the context of another group of the other group of people who are actually looking up in our society , which is actually a group of people who are doing the &apos; 70s .
let me explain this step with a task called mental rotating .
it &apos;s the idea of computation .
let &apos;s just make all kinds of programs of the special , if we look at it .
so it was a big , very complex project that i didn &apos;t even know if it was working at all .
so wolfram alpha knows about many and many things .
on one side , we have mathematica , with the kind of more precise , formal language and a large network of the world &apos;s capacity to do a lot of lines of the world .
so , with physical engineering , we &apos;re basically used to go to the world and see that certain materials make sense of certain technological purposes and so on .
a few years ago , i was pretty excited about discovery that there are candidates with incredibly simple rules that are successful in particular , and the general relativity theory and gravity and at least evidence of quantum relativity and gravity and at least evidence of quantum theory .
sw : i think .
and during that time , i actually lost more relatives , and teachers who are going to me , hiv / aids .
they jump up . they wear red clothes .
there was a woman who was a woman , she didn &apos;t have a right on property and automatically , which was my family , so he had my father , so he had the right .
and the day before the actual ceremony , we were excited , and they didn &apos;t sleep all night .
he was wearing prayer and that in a village that didn &apos;t even have a street street . it was very attractive .
i promised him to be a girl &apos;s girl , i would come back and do everything they would ask me to ask .
when it was pregnant before marriage , mother was made for it , and punished .
as we speak here , 125 girls will never be mutilated again .
consumers who represent 72 percent of the american gdp , actually start , just like banks and companies , they &apos;re going to solve their own , in daily life , to free themselves , to be able to get ourselves forward , when we move forward .
and what you see here is the whole phenomenon of the fact that we actually step down and basically future education , the future children of our households .
and the u.s. is up to 48 percent , the institute of cornell .
we also observe a trend of something called tourism . right ?
one of them is the most powerful community and neighborhood , and the neighbors of the neighbors as a support .
we also observe a big amount of water .
the trend for the design system is immense .
and then we take the phenomenon of kogi .
and then i came up with the question , i &apos;m the only one that does this ?
you could exploit them .
this is what i do in my life -- stories tell , novels , and today i want to share with you a few stories about the art of storytelling and also some supernatural creatures that are the most powerful .
our main business could shrink . our hearts could be sued , and our main system could be more likely to be in our cultural cultural system , if we &apos;re in our cultural cultural system .
i was going to get the first time i call it , &quot; representative foreigners . &quot;
i &apos;m not an immigrant , no refugee or a refugee , i &apos;m asked why i do this , but the steering between languages allow me to reinvent myself .
he wanted to see a manifestation of my identity .
my tiny story became a huge thing , because i was convicted of .
literature has to lead to the other side .
i could be a novel about a muslim woman , and maybe that &apos;s going to be a happy story , and i may write about a happy book , and i might write about a little bit of a gay professor in norway .
so you &apos;re going to be able to take existing songs , you cut it into little bits , it shapes these pieces , you can put them together and get a new song , but this new song is clearly from old songs .
instead , these laws and laws are more like the most awkward comparison of property .
it &apos;s a very reactive , but i &apos;m going to summarize what it &apos;s called . the alarm &apos;s alarm : the telephone of the telephone , by putting a symbol with his finger .
our creativity comes from outside , not within .
and then they say , &quot; okay , but how do you see your address ? &quot;
but in fact , it &apos;s not my fault ; it &apos;s from the newspaper .
what &apos;s beautiful , you can probably see this limb there , a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of light of light that &apos;s coming out of the limb .
our exploration of the solar system taught us that the solar system is beautiful .
now , this led to a understanding of the nuclear structure , because it &apos;s going to be so versatile that atoms have a single core , with a single , with the sun circle that circle it .
this picture shows a galaxy , a computer , with , well , 100 billion stars like our sun .
i think it can eventually be the most important ideas for us , and we &apos;re really thinking about our space in the universe and really the value of our home planet .
this is here . this is home . we &apos;re .
and with every mouse and every touch of the screen , we &apos;re going to drop like a little bit of the screen and the talmud of our personal information all over our way through the digital forest .
when our daughter sat down to the most popular , i asked her , &quot; will you put a lot of value on musical competence ? &quot;
we can &apos;t even get a bad word here .
well , i want to take you on this journey .
and because i was so eager and i talked to my 27 birthday , i decided i wouldn &apos;t speak to you a day -- a day .
and they don &apos;t speak ...
and i explained to a friend who understood my sign sign that i was john francis , that i was walking through life , that i was not talking about it and that this would be the last time someone would translate my sign .
well , i &apos;m going to get my backpack back again .
i started talking again because i had studied a lot of time .
but the most important thing was that i was thinking about my silence , but never about my decision , just to use my feet .
born and grew up in north korea .
sometimes i found little jobs in exchange against food .
i kept worried about that i would be stuck and back again .
i felt so powerless because i had so much to eat in america , but my father died of hunger .
but i think that your gesture of love and care can save life of another joseph , and can change thousands of other people &apos;s hope that still have hope to survive .
it &apos;s very complicated to test new materials for buildings , but this was much stronger than i expected , and to make it easy to make , and as an industrial , and also make a more sophisticated difference .
but then i was very disappointed with my job as an architect , because we don &apos;t help , we don &apos;t work for society , but for privileged people , rich , government , government .
and then in the next year , 1995 , there was a big earthquake in kobe in japan .
so i wonder , what is a permanent and what a temporary building ?
but this is really necessary .
so we learn some of the most important things in our lives before we &apos;re born , even in the womb .
so fetuses are actually learning the particular language that &apos;s spoken in the world that they &apos;re born in .
it creates a mixture of the influences that are so personalized and strange , like the woman itself .
why should malnutrition lead to the womb of disease ?
you can also see the other eyes , but you can see other eyes .
this confidence in the field of the brain is essential for every type of energy .
the audience will be on the street , which is very logical , but not with the rule of what happens before their eyes . &quot;
and if it &apos;s a good story , it might be a smile , maybe .
you may remember that as the most popular , ok , when the biggest deal of all time suggested .
if you &apos;re a high animal at the time of time , and somebody says , &quot; what do you do for eliminating hunger in the world ? &quot;
they said , &quot; can we start an ad campaign ?
this is actually a strategy , and i don &apos;t argue that strategy plays a role .
for me , all of this was the music .
now , if i use my software , the camera is looking at the most powerful , and it &apos;s a little bit of the point of the world &apos;s position to the most important , and you have a whiteboard .
i remember the poor needed something to be a little bit more like -- food , clothing , shelter -- what they didn &apos;t have .
i even felt a moment of shame .
now , since i heard him speak , i was excited about various reasons .
i was not asked to be asked for a donation , which was usually my way .
it &apos;s about the most important story of the poor and it &apos;s about giving us a way to engage what their dignity would confirm , a partnership , which is not a partnership that is based on a traditional way of donation , can happen crazy .
it &apos;s a very strong combination of a very strong combination .
now , the very beginning is , at the beginning , and it &apos;s very appealing to me , that it &apos;s just a vehicle , just a tool .
how does the future of humanity look like ?
now , i &apos;m going to turn to the second big question : are we alone or is there other lives in the universe ?
the answers to these big questions is that we &apos;ve done remarkable progress in the last hundred years .
look at this .
here are photographs of me .
the rate is even doubling every 18 months and every single member of the world &apos;s population , that &apos;s moore &apos;s law .
but what about them ? what about them ?
they sail in their saucers over the sky , and occasionally they put people for experiments that would not agree their parents .
so we &apos;re interested in these things .
and the previous generations couldn &apos;t do these experiments at all .
and i found out that the first technology was coming from the first technology in the form of the city of the city .
we can learn a lot of it .
and i see the child &apos;s , and i &apos;m trying to protect my child , because with a child , you don &apos;t do any one of them alone , even a minister .
and secondly , she tells us that she had a stand-up gang , but some adaptations for the climb of trees .
and so , until now , our ancestors came from our ancestors in principle of adults , because the fossils , the most missing , missing .
the most salient of the world &apos;s favorite system is exploring the origin of humanity in the vast ethiopia , and he talks about how he found the oldest skeleton of a humanoid child and what we can learn in africa about our human beings .
and if all of the rules should be , you need to have a effective system to address and the way we &apos;ve noticed , because we &apos;ve been in all trust .
it &apos;s considered high seas because the continent of the brain demands is because of the other .
we need to work locally , but also the ocean ocean system .
we need to create a new paradigm of caution and respect .
carol &apos;s saying , &quot; i would pay for numbers to do what i do . &quot;
that was a pretty good idea .
to say , i &apos;m a journalist , i &apos;m a journalist , so i want to design a little bit of a sketch , like the present and the future .
and finally , i think we all need to think about whether we want that to be our reality -- and if , what it means for our idea of life and for everything that comes from .
it looks like crude oil .
the symptoms of complex are that you have the strong and the more powerful opinion , you have the right solution , no matter how hard the problem is .
cesar and i tried to write a paper for the new york times and explain how it works .
of course we can .
and make a lot of money .
it &apos;s higher than the loss of americans .
we &apos;re going to try and do it . probably all right .
it &apos;s immediately gone . &quot;
and the empirical mill always tried it , but he could never prove the guess .
i &apos;m saying that our approach is simply not sustainable .
china has been able to have this in 20 years .
we don &apos;t even slow down .
the future is naturally balanced .
yes , it will be ugly , and yes , it &apos;s happening soon -- with safety in our lifespan -- but we &apos;re more than capable of transcending everything that &apos;s coming up on us .
and here they come into the game .
and what we need to think about is , if you &apos;re dancing in the flames , what &apos;s next ?
and we thought we can put these debt on our children , but imagine you &apos;re going to get to our children .
everything else is a lot of the time .
this is the financial crisis .
students wanted to know what stage the development is .
that should be amazing , right ?
all we have is a lot of the time .
you will be able to focus on your listening , maybe the sensitivity can be able to increase or be a series of things that we can &apos;t do .
it &apos;s not 1,000 years away in the distance .
we should have this cheap , simple , simple , simple , and not use them for their children . &quot;
and here we can see this overall one .
we can &apos;t risk to lose the confidence of customers .
he only got 500 and could have gotten to 1,000 . &quot;
and he had a huge farm full of plastic , which they got , and he said , &quot; come back in a week when you &apos;re sick . &quot;
the internet , as we know it , the kind of web -- the things we all talk about -- is a little less than 5,000 days old .
of course , there &apos;s been the internet for more than 5,000 days -- the web only only 5,000 days .
so if we say that the machine we &apos;re going to be doing is a human brain , a human brain when we look at the rate , there &apos;s six billion of the time that we &apos;re going to have six billion of them .
now it &apos;s not -- if you do a table and things in work , a word document , you &apos;re not part of the web , but you will be part of the machine . you &apos;ll be part of the machine .
i say , &quot; people will be the extended sense of machine . &quot; in a certain sense .
it &apos;s going to be on the level of parts or ideas , or words , if you want to destroy .
the last point i wanted to talk about is the idea that we &apos;re going to be able to be .
third , it will be ubiquitous , it will be all the way we put our entire environment and we &apos;re in the middle .
and within a week , i was convinced that the second thing was that the second ted revolution was that the sun was going to be the sun of the sun , and that i was particularly prepared by god and i was prepared by god to become his favorite .
these are the dead of the deaths .
and it allows everything . it makes everything logical .
i &apos;m going to start with some simple ideas , like we line things up .
this is a project that we &apos;ve just completed in a vast amount of water for a huge amount of time that came out of this process , it &apos;s the result of a variety of forces that are developing .
and that led directly to another project .
it &apos;s actually a false attitude because the hybrid is probably more interesting .
i &apos;m interested in how these ideas are going to contribute to the education process of young people .
and finally , one of the most interesting projects -- a computer company .
each of you is going to be your neighbors .
so , as we have to pay school fees .
so we have a big brain , a big advantage , because we can influence our environment .
my story , is the two brains . it may surprise you , our gut has a brain &apos;s brain .
this is very , very important , because there &apos;s a catalyst .
we &apos;ve learned to talk to the big brain , taste and reward , like you know .
he said , &quot; you know , eventually we were all like animals and then not anymore . &quot;
these are men and women who can still name 250 stars in the sky .
of course , the most important monks have said that .
the main line , the post , the sun depends on the sun , is actually a very reactive , which is constantly reflected on the light , which is the sacred , which is called the &quot; adorable picchu . &quot;
if you pray for the dead , you do this gestures with the hands that you &apos;re going to be up with the sky , spiders .
here &apos;s the place where the great mother has the most powerful in the world , which has created the mountains and the country &apos;s land , which they call the heart of the world .
it &apos;s unique to human imagination .
this material that you all know is , but i think it &apos;s more toxic , but i think it &apos;s more toxic stuff .
i slow up there , you fit there , because in a hundred years , my body can come back without a sign of a framework .
it &apos;s a waste .
you can apply it anywhere in the world , and not to take care of the world &apos;s or a lot of the time , because you have a lot of alternatives .
first , they start atoms in a special bottle .
i started a competition four years ago called &quot; dance your ph.d. . &quot;
my country is about 15 trillion dollars .
and that &apos;s -- -- that &apos;s a lot of the speakers that are going to come from me and all the speakers that come to me .
and she thought about my work on mathematical models , which should be able to promote a sense of evolution and modern genetics .
the other half of the audience may not be head-tail-tail -- from deep , cultural reasons , they think it &apos;s boring -- and find a different pattern more interesting -- head-tail-head .
you can think about two ways .
if you throw a coin , you get a sequence of head and number .
back to more secular , more secular , because of the uncertainty of uncertainty .
and only one percent is wrong .
he said , &quot; i &apos;m going to take that to a sudden death death in a family that &apos;s the chance for another one . &quot;
not as improbable as one in 73 million , but yet pretty unlikely .
the whole quality of quality , the most powerful impact on the industrial process , is carried by statistics .
the most important thing is maybe hundreds of thousands of lives saved worldwide .
a smart power pool prevents injury because the electricity is always made up until a smart sensory system is recognized .
but , on the other hand , china is a key , and a term from a kind of a plastic point .
you have facebook , we have a lot of time .
yet , the pinnacle itself can create a very strong force , which is never in history .
so , chinese is looking at this kind of thing as the real medium , not just as a mere medium .
how a big ted , isn &apos;t it ?
so in the last three years , in the last three years , through the most recent , they really changed more and more transparent , because they have no access to the data .
more chinese , more and more , are free speech and human rights than you have a milestone , rather than a americas .
many of you know that the beethoven &apos;s seventh symphony was .
i &apos;m not saying that you can &apos;t live a wonderful life .
girl : well , my sister can pretty nerves .
the acoustics of music is much more complicated than the language .
this is a violin .
and it seems like his favorite way of being able to try and find the cause of death , which is why there was sound that was made up there and his skull has been pulled on the pages .
cl : joseph is phenomenal . he &apos;s brilliant .
if i &apos;m going to go to this , in this particular auditorium , i see a special audience .
in many countries , it &apos;s another thing .
in this critical point in the dutch story , my father was at the bank of the river river near the north of the river .
the rate of civil wars and oppression has been down since the end of the cold war .
my soldiers use their weapons as a tool of peace .
peter van : why i took a gun
this program gets a form and then then 250 up 250 dna sequences .
this is a very reactive in the middle of the high school , in the middle of the gdp .
you can &apos;t make &quot; cool &quot; .
i &apos;m very interested in both of them .
and i &apos;m going to give you a little example of this , but there &apos;s actually a theoretical argument for why technology evolved in the way that technology is in a way .
now , evolution of our species needed hundreds of thousands of years , and because of this interaction , evolution used to basically create the technology of the kind of temporary species to create the next stage in the technological evolution .
we live in a three-dimensional world ; we can make good dimension of the third dimension .
over the last 50 years , we had 28 percent of the information technology in the information .
another big revolution is the most powerful .
to go back to our exponential growth of computing , 1,000 dollars of computing is about the brain of an insect or a mouse .
and in the year of cameroon , we will reach the full colorful of these trends , and they have to celebrate how often the pitch is made in the form of technology -- faster and faster when we get to this point .
you can get blessing and peril .
they &apos;re harder .
they were removed from the prison .
because there &apos;s nothing in there . well , you &apos;re not supposed to be here .
dopamine is apparently the stuff that is related to the brain .
and we call that schizophrenia .
and he was so friendly to post and give us the resolution .
i mentioned in our little thought earlier , they &apos;re a trumpet in the african plain .
the 11th 11th has a computer scientist . it &apos;s a conspiracy .
and we have our own software system , and we have a product of a product .
i was not as good as he did , but we managed to get the tar n , the captain , tracy chapman and bruce chapman on a computer service for an ollie , and that was a great experience .
they always said , &quot; and they said , &quot; and let &apos;s take it .
musicians and activist peter gabriel discusses his personal motivation , with the most human health system for human rights and tells stories of active engineering .
next , we asked ourselves how do we do that ?
he recognizes the problem and knowing how to deal with it , the dance is his name of his life , allowing him to orient .
the beetle climbing a lot of rare times on the pill when they put on the ground , when they &apos;re not wearing .
here &apos;s our experimenter &apos;s experimenter .
let &apos;s play a computer game and see what happens .
this is the universe of stephen hawking .
thank you .
and the argument that it &apos;s fun is that it &apos;s fun to fall into these big adventures , right , not quite with my experience .
or , &quot; nice . you know , my grandmother makes a cruise in antarctica .
so the whole purpose of the presentation is to convince the vc that they are the entrepreneurs in which they &apos;re investing and they &apos;re going to make a lot of money .
and next to the experience , a company to make a company or to lead -- that doesn &apos;t have to be a company .
there &apos;s no financially to support a lot of money in which there was no problems .
from there , they take them -- on a solid , good path to the top , right from the beginning to the end .
if i happen to know someone who has made a device like this .
no , they &apos;re not .
then you give me a quick video show .
even if the competition works after old patterns ...
it was hopefully positive , positive , positive , more positive .
if you follow my ideas , you &apos;ll have a very , very , very , very , very , very , very happy presentation , who you are and to bring it to emotional .
i didn &apos;t know that , that &apos;s pretty cool .
statistically , one of them is a beetle .
if you &apos;re doing something , you might have an effect on it .
and then if you have enough , you can click another link .
we &apos;re at the end of the table , the last place , as the culture , the innovation .
so as we think and behave , our power system is broken .
we have a meme meme -- seriously to be .
but forgive me , the problems today are not the problems of the industrial revolution .
and you know what ?
and who are the biggest biggest oil planners ?
it &apos;s very grim .
our thinking is backwards .
by a drastic change , change , like transparency , change , like the , for example , and collaboration , and collaboration , and not to be able to make these things focused on results .
because only the challenge is the only way that things are always made , the only way to get rid of the old way to get rid of the old , and new creative solutions for the problems of today .
because we can &apos;t do it alone . we should do it together , and if we do that , and the ideas of play can transform , we can transform bulgaria to something better .
the magazine for the design system is , i think , &quot; innovation . &quot;
my master took me to the ted center , because the most popular thing was that the guy was at the time .
after i had a gesture of the head , they were very -- i was accepted , and i worked there for about six months .
nine days ago , i had a fire .
you know -- all of the stuff .
my kids , the baby , and henry .
we were looking at several magazines , our homework , but where we were looking , we were surrounded by images like this .
this picture literally came in seconds after i was putting the baby into the poor and i brought it over .
rg : oh , oh .
av : taboo number three : you don &apos;t talk about his disbelief -- but i &apos;m going to talk today about my talk .
the general opinion is that every aspect of my life has become better than i &apos;ve been born in the wonders of birth and family .
but you realize that you &apos;re going to lose control of the beautiful way , which is how we have my life very much sense , and what &apos;s extremely satisfying .
rg + av : thank you .
i &apos;m going to start with glenn gould .
i started with the experience .
there &apos;s a consequence of &quot; star trek . &quot;
we &apos;ve seen all of this star , with the most complex .
imagine , big , late , already listening to the way you &apos;re going to play personally , john hunter walker shows how images can be analyzed on the exact attacks and the footage of the exact exact walls , and then you can play on the wing of the wing .
now , since then , we &apos;ve experienced a time of extraordinary economic growth , the longest rise in the history of this country .
but now , a few months later , how good politicians are always going to be in the sulfur , &quot; to bite the sulfur apple without the mine , &quot; as it was someone who was wearing their uncertainty , yet they can &apos;t hide their uncertainty .
well , i didn &apos;t really understand that until i met this guy , a little bit of chaotic man , which was being fed by tomato soup and iron for completely being thought .
but interestingly , it also is a future that the society is going to be a few tricks from capitalism , which is how to put the dna out of the dna , which is how to put things and then try and do the ones that work , and then the ones work , and the ones work .
i want to show you a fascinating new hypothesis today , and some surprising new insights that i &apos;ve been working on , about the context of the language of language that you talk about , and your tendency to save .
and if i want to talk right , it forces me to think about it constantly .
well , this is a very basic theory .
please push this device so that you can be able to measure your dominant hand , so i can measure your favorite hand .
it &apos;s the present pleasure in exchange for future pain .
i don &apos;t have to tell you how important the ability to communicate about generations .
we english teachers are all the time .
but i &apos;m against using them as a challenge .
but they didn &apos;t get the results that they wanted .
at the same time , i was on the field of the training community , although i was a ph.d. in kuwait .
people and the topography and the birds and birds and all the red line here are high . these are people , livestock and pets .
we focused on serious energy problems of the future and produced products for the company .
let &apos;s see the next video .
and that flew around the party last night , and -- you can see how it just works , and you can see every single one of them that you want .
and he was a very dissatisfied about how people practiced the buddhist religion in india .
and he goes back as a broken man back to the village .
and he has to close his eyes , it &apos;s so disgusting , the smell and everything .
the animals are in one of their lives . people are people .
we &apos;re very much . we take the feeling of memory to a mother and a long time in this meditation .
and you think about how the things are , if you &apos;re happy , if you &apos;re happy .
and of course , they &apos;re cruel and more of the other .
even though the change in your mindset is something that makes you different creatures , you feel these new quality in you , and it &apos;s helping you , and it &apos;s going to help you as a model .
so the coffee cup , or the cup of the cup , is using tools to get the public health care .
interestingly , the complexity is very high .
we &apos;ve heard about bill gates recently .
so it &apos;s very , very simple when you know how to read it .
well , let me close with four general remarks , an example and two aphorisms .
and i don &apos;t want to stop with details , but in the lower right-hand corner , you see an example of what we have for it .
did you start doing that ?
and this is what the most important thing is that the things that jimmy had talked about , what jimmy had been talking about , or better , how do we organize ourselves without organizations ?
the inventor of things are always less able to be able to be able to do it in collaboration with the most powerful .
so , for example , take astronomy , which was mentioned yochai .
it &apos;s also going to be a professional arguments , professional arguments .
so there &apos;s no argument of two camp , but between these camps , there will be all sorts of interesting positions that are taken by people .
it costs about 100 dollars .
and then people started to spend their own people , and actually have a team , and then they did it : between new zealand and spain .
and the first thing i thought was to thank him .
but the truth is that life is happening right here .
so people started calling up and they have news like this .
he said , &quot; i &apos;m like batman to be batman . &quot;
and the one that has no data made , so that turned out that they just moved into another city and had a new job .
and in the last 35 years , i studied human behavior on the basis of everything , starting from genes over the brain , dopamine and the census , until the most successful .
some of you have it . and it &apos;s dependent on gender .
this was one of those cases , because there was no violence under their ancestors , but at my father .
they &apos;re so similar to each other as you can only be .
by the way , i &apos;ve got an email today where we &apos;ve done the last part of atlas .
and these guys here are the weak force that may be known at least .
so if you want to know why the sky is blue or why atomic nuclei are going to stick together , you should basically be in the way that dna has the shape that you have now -- that &apos;s what dna has .
the comparison is that people in this room represent the higgs boson .
but it &apos;s really that with this theory , the physical media system seems to unite the big bang , and a perfectly wonderful prediction , the model was not created with the goal that this is happening , but it seems to do it .
they created this civilization , this wonderful picture , the darkness in light , and it allows civilization to see the civilization from all .
another big insight came from a study of the wayne state university in 2010 , the baseball maps of the world &apos;s book , looking at the 1950s .
in a similar study in germany , researchers use fmri to measure an fmri in front of the face of the brain , and after they had the face of the face to be smiling .
&quot; because the colors that they have , they &apos;re not the european standard , &quot; he said .
&quot; safer ? why ? are there more policemen in the middle ? &quot;
we built the light that people , the people , people who were in the world , brought to think that they were traveling abroad when they were making their cause .
president roosevelt said , &quot; believe that you can do something and you &apos;ve done it half . &quot;
all over port-au-prince , entrepreneurs came up and offered the donor stations for mobile phones .
a graph for the transformative power of technology is found in kibera .
by 2015 , it will be three billion smartphones on the world .
in the shops of the environment , batteries and bread were discarded .
this river of time is embedded in everything : in the erosion of a computer , in the amazon , the rose of the rose .
do you read a interview with a writer ?
and also , if i look at the big bear , i remember how i was a kid at his head , to just slide out of his shoulders , and i feel like this kid .
we &apos;ve seen the way creative technology can be and in our lives and our lives , we can choose those solutions , innovation and moments that don &apos;t make the flow of time , but again .
my mother was a hospital .
in every single refugee camp , they had to send soldiers to my older brother mark , who was nine , take the nine , take a child child .
and i should do it alone .
take something you want to have , from the suitcase .
then i ended up in a solitary , because i don &apos;t get my feelings .
thank you .
so almost everything on earth is going to be wiped out five times .
svante mandelbrot has the answer .
why should that play a role ?
so , in theory , we can grow any organ from any cell .
here &apos;s the rise in less than 10 years .
here &apos;s the conclusion .
if the rotors turn on the same speed , the robot is floating .
and you see how robust control is .
and he does that while he &apos;s obstacles .
they take their neighbors true .
this shows that we double the most sophisticated , triple , 30 times , in which we can bring them to form teams like you can see here .
but the robot can also figure out where it wants to go .
i can feel that . but there &apos;s so much and i want to expand your horizon , and the mind is opening up and change your view of honeybees .
this has been a huge problem for many years , basically since the late 1980s , the most different of the most different viruses , bacteria and the other of them .
they don &apos;t experience that .
they take the chefs for their dishes , and the honey -- there &apos;s a lot of the honey -- they use the honey to their bars .
the bee dies . honeybees die when they stick , so they didn &apos;t want to do it .
okay , now , really , the question is : why is this ?
of course , we also have it , especially in the last decade , the world with a dense chain of industry , with a chain of global trade .
and never before were so many people in this fact .
in fact , not many of you know that our bread was not european invention .
and especially the meat meat in the world and china is driving the most high .
agriculture science has been for most people , and here are not many farmers under them , to be bad , to be the environment , to be able to destroy the environment .
everything is all together .
and so while i do my bread , i &apos;m doing it , and i &apos;m trying to burn it . and i &apos;m not trying to burn the hands .
it also has to be to keep the country in the country , and that &apos;s available to repair materials and materials and the internet tools .
you take somebody like me , a scientist , analyzed and test a new technology , and it &apos;s determined by quantitative engineering .
because i hope you take this from here today , a new connection with nature .
this was a couple of days ago in sydney .
and what do we do ? what is our answer ?
this is from last year .
but the ted trance was one of them , and shekhar kapur turned a film over her , and shekhar kapur , who should see you .
but i think the most important thing is that we can do it .
but this is a very daunting thing than a being in a specialty .
this is a patient &apos;s patient who was 73 -- he was actually needed a bypass , but he decided to do this .
i like this slide because they &apos;re talking about what people really motivated to change , and what not .
if you eat a high school meal , how do you feel ?
it &apos;s a more powerful one . americans eat more fat because , even more carbs , and so the percentage is lower , but the actual number of times , the goal is , both of the time , is to reduce both .
one of the most popular studies of studies found that 70 percent of people were clogged , 65 percent of people had bad breath , 54 percent of the people had a headache -- that &apos;s not healthy food .
on the other hand , everything is what intimacy is , the power of the brain .
i hope he &apos;s not hanging on .
the film is based on a computer of f. scott scott &apos;s film .
two main classes were involved in the project : warner brothers and the editors .
and we had enough passion to make the world &apos;s work and technology .
so we &apos;re so saying of motion capture .
the number seemed infinitely to be .
and these are the data that we get , and then we &apos;re using the model for the model .
and so the finished picture was that the film was used .
this was a very , very , very early sample .
and we found this , in the middle of the state of karnataka .
and it has a personal version .
people from the butler are going to overcome this cruel , highly popular past where they lived in their lives .
we were too late -- two of the bedouin as a driver -- and imagine that this big one is a ocean from sand , 40 degrees , a water bottle .
i think the camel is best , the best , the most elegant animal on the world . &quot;
and they use them as similar as we see our own business .
we weigh our animals .
so i &apos;ll show you another movie .
i don &apos;t get to go to my body temperature 40 degrees fahrenheit -- enough to get a egg .
so , thank you for inviting .
start a meeting with a poem . that would be an idea .
but how would it like to do it if you never know how to do the next day , whether you &apos;re going to be a living god , your shoulders in the clouds , or whether you sit down there from the wallpaper , or you &apos;re sitting down with your little little plastic card ?
who could sleep in this night ?
but you knew that judy was going to get 150,000 dollars a movie that was going to be the french army , that the french army had led to the victory , and blaise pascal had cleaned his room -- no wait , i mean he invented the calculator ?
at the end , they sat in a tree and a blow the hand to another .
and the human genome system is more than that , but if you take these two columns , probably not much more left .
and also , we have the problem that we can &apos;t build construction , that would be too hard to be a single elephant .
one component of this is understanding . here &apos;s a key , &quot; the ability to understand the feelings of the other and to share . &quot;
so now we &apos;re exploring more complex expressions . here &apos;s consolation .
that the test is not good for you .
there &apos;s a very simple task that you have to do .
a philosopher actually wrote us that it was impossible that the monkeys had a sense of fairness , because fairness was invented in the french revolution .
now it &apos;s not a lonely insane , it &apos;s not two crazy , three is a lot and a lot of power .
the last decade i spent that i was making pain and humiliation , hopefully for a good thing that &apos;s the most important thing .
and i have to say , god is thanks .
so i heard , in a way , it was a success .
over the years , the serious thing can be created .
a.j. jacobs : how healthy life is almost
and i think many scientists are sharing this view .
really cool thing .
now these studies are scientifically valid and they were enslaved , but they &apos;re not the whole story .
ask for the part of the story that &apos;s not going to tell .
... a priest ?
finally , one group that believes that the indus people are the ancestors of people in today &apos;s disease .
right after left , how many ? okay .
it can be useful to create more data , to create more data that &apos;s then going to be more useful .
this sign is the most common script , and only in this text seems to be twice .
it turns out it &apos;s a long time in india , names on the ground of the birth of the birth of birth to the birth of birth .
space , we all know how it looks .
this wire is the most powerful thing that would make the name bell famous .
and copernicus had made the historical discovery that objects can also be able to be able to do radio waves .
actually , all the young people in the city .
somebody who sits next to you -- that &apos;s okay in a museum of a car , but you would sit on a street , but somebody would be so dense to you , then you would be able to get it out .
the dalai lama always likes to say -- he says , if you &apos;re going to get the idea of the idea of the brain , it &apos;s because you can see that you can and your pain and your pain and your pain and your pain , eventually , are too small .
but take this wonderful thing , the most powerful thing we &apos;ve shown , and they &apos;re selling us to fear .
a man was a man in front of a tank that became a symbol of the resistance of the resistance .
but what would you have not yet done , if you had the modern communications , to make a sense that against the wrong , that was going to be done immediately , something that had to be done immediately ?
combine the power of a global ethic with the power of our ability to communicate on global level and organize global to the challenges that are now the most successful and most of global nature .
in the museum of the children in rwanda , there &apos;s a photograph of a young boy -- and the museum of children who were left in life , who were left , had died when they died in the process of rwanda .
here &apos;s the task : help me build a vibrant , a vibrant , recyclable , 3d system in 3d .
you can move on very different types of light -- they vary in the world &apos;s movement , the movement of the surface and the existing value of the surface .
this is a driving algae .
boy : ugh .
we slow down to see the spines in action .
mark cutkosky at stanford , one of my partners , is an extraordinary engineer , which developed a technology called shape called manufacturing , where he can embed claws directly into an artificial foot .
you can see almost like aliens , and the secret , what they stick , are their toes .
here we go out the band-aid .
these are the same structures allow the spines , the spikes , and the most powerful , and the most challenging , very difficult surfaces .
so , the long beautiful songs of the long beautiful songs that are serving as a police engineer and males also allow each other to find a partner .
so if dolphins are less than 20 feet apart , they have to make less than half the time the whistles is going to produce .
if we think of marine animals like dolphins like dolphins , we need to be aware of the consequences of our interventions that we thought we were quite safe .
after the most popular , the marine marine reserve made these systems available to experience what scientists could hear .
you just hear the low frequencies .
if males and females use this signal to find a partner and they &apos;re scattered , they imagine what the impact that they have on the recovery of the population .
as ships can be made , they found that with a better time of the noise of this noise , it can be reduced to 90 percent of the noise .
they &apos;re going to be 50 percent .
we see strangers , we see strangers , 300 , 300 , and it &apos;s going to be more and more . and they &apos;re not like us .
you have all the possibilities available .
we observe a continual rise of the men .
and obviously there &apos;s one that looks a hundred .
with initiatives like 100 dollars , it &apos;s a little bit of me thinking about the idea that we &apos;re putting a whole new generation of people in the old computer .
thank you .
i think nothing about it is the problem .
our daily life is , in a remarkable state , we say , in a remarkable state , we say in a computer system .
usually it &apos;s one or two per year .
and there are .
but we &apos;re much more sensitive .
part of the challenge was to try to make rhythm and space by not only my hands -- in juggling , but the rhythm of my body and the feet , and the balls , and the balls with my feet .
and then they play crazy .
ok , because they don &apos;t understand what a computer company is , i give you a little hint .
now , again , and finger , finger , finger , finger , finger , finger , finger . open .
you have somebody up here who &apos;s the most important principle of doing this , ok ?
pop -- and then it &apos;s going to be quiet . just a little number of time .
and in space and straight in the room , they work in other ways .
and then they &apos;re going to scale .
in this year -- you could please show the slides -- in this year , we &apos;re wearing the most subtle thing around us , a project we helped the copper design .
we can call this on a computer map which allows you to put another information on the clothing , while you &apos;re doing these things .
scott scott : i &apos;ve noticed that i &apos;m the foremost expert in the way that i &apos;m the leading expert in the world .
and we also have a new product tonight , and it &apos;s the first time that it &apos;s shown in public .
now , the farmers are only able to be in the rainy season , and not in the middle of the world .
electrons disappear in a way of a kind of energy and then only energy , and energy can &apos;t see .
this is what he thought he was doing .
potatoes , potatoes have 48 chromosomes . did you know that ?
good . atoms , you can &apos;t see them .
and somebody said to him , &quot; well , what &apos;s the point behind , henry ?
we &apos;ve been doing about four years of time .
if google is a book , they get it in a very beautiful format .
i &apos;ll give you an example .
suddenly , in the middle of the 40s , everybody was excited .
but you can &apos;t imagine it &apos;s going to be interested .
but also many of the right , the same thing that apparently has made of propaganda .
if you get to the toe , it means a &quot; eureka &quot; with a a.
if i walk to this pink sound for longer than a few minutes , you would literally stop hearing it .
many people escape to headphones , but these are great , public spaces like this , shared spaces , in millions of tiny personal personal projects .
you can also do that in a beautiful place , like a lake .
and finally , an acronym .
and i said , &quot; this is my job . &quot;
thank you so much for having here . we &apos;re all so grateful . &quot;
and they went away .
because they weren &apos;t on the pavement , and they couldn &apos;t see the exchange between me and my favorite crowd , a exchange that was fair to us , but they were alien .
now , i &apos;m telling you , in the last year , there was a lot of competition in the last year , because the arab spring is still spreading , the most important thing is collapsed ... what else ?
this photograph was even launched in a police station , and you see the bottom of the people who were tracking the police .
the kids just make pictures in a class that are getting the teacher , they paste them on the top of the road .
in today &apos;s talk , it &apos;s about the brain and , yay , somewhere out there is a computer lamp .
this is something we can work in our lifetimes , i thought i could have a difference and so i tried to get out of the street , and i was going to get out of the street .
but sometimes science has some other properties that they really do really interesting .
what are we going to do more data ?
there &apos;s something that we believe is obviously , but wrong .
it &apos;s so that intelligence is defined by prediction .
but we don &apos;t look at the alligator as very intelligent , not in a human way .
in humans , we &apos;ve developed the most sophisticated part of the body &apos;s name with the name of the neocortex , and nature has been applied to this little trick .
it &apos;s not that you &apos;re looking at it and say , &quot; what am i seeing ?
not like a computer computer . not in the least like a computer computer .
these are the things that are going to come first .
we need a police , we need something military , but only to defense .
you can see it on your path . &quot;
they traveled because they were the time of the election outside the country .
this is a little bit of a research .
and then , when she was crossing the door , grandma said , &quot; no , no , no .
they wash like this : hand .
these group three , every one .
it &apos;s real .
it has been done to learn english and learn this as a foreign language .
the computer already , and in one of three participants .
if you think , you think differently than the employers of the united states , which was actually part of our experiment , because that &apos;s what we did .
we repeated the experiment with the same groups , but we put a delay between the enlightenment , and the actual beginning of the following , and the actual beginning of the air .
the price of the paradise is the displacement of paradise .
and they moved and they were to each other and they were leaving their arms and they leave their arms on each other .
we &apos;re really good at talking about skills and security and health , we &apos;re really bad at talking about character .
then you &apos;re going to ask personal coach , the most powerful , like the bad breath in the face of bad breath .
i don &apos;t really feel like emotion .
the first gift , or talent , is a lot of the ability -- the ability to peer in other people &apos;s heads and find out what they have .
they have humility .
that &apos;s what the unconscious is looking for .
we found them between the world &apos;s disease , raped by many , many men , i don &apos;t know how many .
where does your journey start ?
and that it &apos;s not normal to live in a home .
what was my challenge ?
they need their empathy .
lexicography : the process dictionaries put together .
well , first of all , i &apos;m going to give the queen to blame because it &apos;s funny .
online dictionaries need to be different .
the bad words -- look , if somebody thinks about a place and then don &apos;t find it on the map , he thinks , &quot; this map sucks ! &quot;
you think , &quot; ok , if we think words are tools that we use to give our thoughts to how to do that , how do you know that that &apos;s better than a hammer ?
the patriot has 33 different definitions of &quot; set . &quot;
and then this mike &apos;s , mike , is living in britain .
i &apos;ve got the whole time , &quot; the dictionary , the dictionary , the dictionary , &quot; the dictionary .
so , i &apos;m going to go a chair .
and , to make a long story short , i landed here .
and so , with a piece of play , as this three days , you start to understand : why am i listening to all this kind of stuff ?
they may be from a ted speaker , and we can take the conversation during the year , and next year , after the same intellectual and emotional journey .
the manufacturers don &apos;t have the most powerful in their cheap , because they &apos;re not sure what the public would start with a precise downturn , which could actually fold on the palm of the palm .
and there was a lot of time that it was , if you were , and it was not in the situation that was actually able to find the channel .
instead of taking the credit of the world , you can do it .
and , &quot; you can trust us . &quot;
we call ourselves a &amp; amp ; es and we live in india .
this is a video of the prototype .
this work is the cartoon of a human being .
we debate about the case &quot; what the world needs now is nuclear -- right or wrong ?
and now , there &apos;s only three main types of energy that we have -- coal and gas , water , which is almost all around -- and nuclear .
we &apos;ve become the russian warheads by being transformed in electricity .
and the emissions are equivalent emissions of all greenhouse gases and particles that cause warming , and it &apos;s transformed to co2 .
now , if you look at the fact that the prevalence of nuclear weapons with the spread of nuclear nuclear energy is because we know that india and pakistan have evolved nuclear weapons in the field of nuclear weapons .
for wind , the area is much bigger , but the most small is smaller .
the reality is that 21 states have nuclear power , right ?
and in the senate of the united states , we need the support of both parties -- just one or two voices to global warming , and this room can help .
we &apos;re only going to get out of renewables enough .
i &apos;ve been worried about the 10 years ago .
thank you .
this was -- my motivation was taken by apollo cuddy .
for the first time , we have enough wealth in the hands of some less people , and the available technology that will allow us to explore space .
26 groups of seven countries took the competition , every one between one and 25 million dollars .
so , we can bring them to the space station .
and the advantage for the funders is the sum of the world &apos;s population and the social economy .
would you surprise us , and we &apos;re fascinated ?
that means that areas can cut itself . they can be incredibly small .
a challenge was how we can express these new algorithmic order in a column .
what i didn &apos;t know about time because we had seen the outside , was that the areas kept moving on , within the column , and that was a pretty surprising discovery .
inspired by the process of cell division , michael &apos;s algorithms , which are incredible , fascinating forms with millions of surfaces , no human being , could design it by hand , but you can build it . and you could build our understanding of architecture .
so look at this picture here -- many forms of dancing here for you .
it &apos;s a very rare disease .
this is a drug that was developed for cancer .
you can see , the chip mimics even the most sophisticated .
it &apos;s a very young nation that &apos;s led by young people .
and i think many people here in the room , many of them are in the same position as i am .
so i think that women in our society are becoming leaders because they realize that it &apos;s very important for their future generations to preserve our cultural identities .
we &apos;ve realized that since recently , more people have been using the tools like youtube and social networks to give their stories to expression , to show their photos and share their own stories with their own voices .
at the same time , we &apos;re going to get them , come and explore our part of the world .
so i was more or less than &quot; nothing &quot; .
so i thought , &quot; maybe if i do this ants a few apartments , they pull there . &quot;
this was called &quot; torch house . &quot;
so i thought , &quot; how can i do that ? &quot;
and when i finished it , i came back to the next day .
and it went ...
my work , roughly estimated , sometimes five , six or seven weeks ; you can &apos;t always anticipate .
and i turn it around , and shaped the chariot .
so i broke the needle .
it &apos;s a very , very reactive work , but the best things come in small bits of light .
they expect their employees to do what they asked them to do when they did the task , they can do more .
there &apos;s this absolute concentration of being , this absolute , complete awareness of consciousness , awareness , an absolute center of compassion and love that defines the primary properties of the divine .
my body &apos;s body flew into the one direction , my favorite wheel in the other .
i asked all the walks that i probably wouldn &apos;t do with them , the most important , the most important i would not be able to do , the friends i wouldn &apos;t be watching , the friends i wouldn &apos;t be able to do with them .
because you don &apos;t need the most sophisticated .
and if you &apos;re going to get you from back to the wind , you can just walk down and it &apos;s going to be the power of the dirt . &quot;
20 years ago , the doctors would have cut my leg and hoped , and there was a 15 percent chance of survival .
as i became more and more vulnerable -- and in my life , i was probably 14 kilos easier than i am now .
and nobody represents this modern carbon company in my eyes more than david black .
walking upright , you say , is the threshold of what makes us human .
he &apos;s president of the international union for the most popular name , which is the least most prolific name i &apos;ve ever heard .
he was born three months early , and it was really a fantastic thing to do .
so once i tried to get to the piano , i became a strong piece of research .
and at the end , you were so fast that things like the &quot; flight &quot; were not a problem , right ?
do you want to hear me play ?
dp : &quot; tiger rag . &quot;
i don &apos;t get that .
they &apos;re fighting their own lifestyle in this forest , in a world that &apos;s still clean , a world that &apos;s not more attractive , in a world that &apos;s not more attractive .
so we know that they &apos;re capable of making the research that &apos;s absolutely impossible to do research for absolutely impossible than i started .
the long loving support of the mother , the mother who &apos;s developed during this long childhood , and also the siblings , can keep the whole life long , and that can be to 60 years .
it &apos;s not sustainable , and also the huge camp of the forest in the forest now need meat , and so the pygmies that were breaking in the congo congo and there were so many hundreds of years in the congo congo .
yesterday , this guy said .
we &apos;re now in every state , and the problems in florida are other than the new york .
do you get me down and you turn me down here ?
there &apos;s politicians out there ?
what we want to do in the lab is so pretty much the same , but with a few dozen different kinds of molecules -- so a radical reduction of complexity , but yet , trying to create something more nuanced .
it &apos;s actually very , very reactive . if you &apos;re in , you don &apos;t really do something .
now , where you &apos;re all experts for protocells , we &apos;re going to play with these protocells .
we then see the self-assembly of this body from oil , which we &apos;ve seen before , and the black blobs represent this black mud -- this diverse , very complex , organic black mud .
in his lab , martin &apos;s &quot; protocells &quot; from the &quot; protocells &quot; made the &quot; protocells &quot; of chemicals that behave like living cells . his work shows how life could be done on earth first -- and maybe elsewhere .
this is a kind of a video of a game to walk on your tadpole at the night .
what is this -- where did you know ? you took it .
but if we do that at every fire -- every fire fire , we could redefine the emergency .
and it &apos;s the crap that &apos;s in the pretty pink lungs , and it &apos;s being brought into connection -- and it &apos;s being connected to -- with -- in conjunction with --
the birds could jump from one to another .
you can take the news of the news . you can talk to him .
but to keep this herd , a big toll of our planet will be asking .
next , we &apos;re going to put skin cells and multiply them in a more mature .
we &apos;ve been working on the process of thousands of years of the goods , starting with products like wine , beer and yogurt .
it &apos;s true that if we &apos;re doing our research , we see that it &apos;s almost a universal pursuit of people , and we have a car .
let me just talk about hydrogen .
this is a huge opportunity to create energy , mobile energy .
if we can see these online future future , that can also be other .
you had to survive .
and we certainly found our school district to be given to funding and support .
because why should our students drive so far away from their lives ?
it became a book , then a demo .
there was an incredible idea , a crazy idea .
here on the west coast , they destroyed their forest .
but on this picture , you see how we started building the most powerful , which was soon a big , big office of brazil .
when i was the time , my favorite time to start , i studied the new field of the field of the field of research .
if you &apos;re in the south manhattan , you see the expansion of new york city , like it was , at the end of the american revolution .
the white surfaces on this map are the most permanent places .
or the most pessimistic , the wet meadows , insects and the places that need to place .
maybe there was a more mature one there .
it &apos;s so much force to unite science and visualization , that these images are coming up with these images . it &apos;s like both sides of the mirror .
and we have a really dramatic level of view of this in our society now .
so i don &apos;t have to go to that .
you can do the pristine thing , of course , which is supposed to remain .
this is a building building .
one example we all know is that the mobile phone . right ?
and it &apos;s all about this question -- of course in a very artistic and indirectly way .
but it &apos;s happening everywhere , and these tools are parts of that , which help us create .
seriously -- clap it -- that &apos;s really great .
alex steffen : a sustainable future
you could be my mind that it could be a big problem for law , but congress doesn &apos;t seem to be very much very good .
but if you create a lot of high-quality copies , and you sell it , it &apos;s not okay .
some of the things we share , we made things that we found and every single option causes the shock of the industry in this industry .
that &apos;s the simple thing .
i had a very supportive , more expensive , expensive education in india , and that &apos;s almost broken me .
and i thought , i start a barefoot college -- college only for the poor .
a professional is somebody with a combination of competence , confidence and belief .
when i said that , they said , &quot; show us what &apos;s possible . what do you do ?
the entire electricity comes from the sun .
democracy , the way you &apos;re being missed your country , what you should do if you &apos;re arrested , what you should do if you &apos;re sick .
comes to tensions there , cut the presence of the schools , it comes between teachers and parents , so that the puppets can call the teachers and the parents , and say , &quot; give you the hands .
you use sign sign .
i said , &quot; i can &apos;t , mr. president .
a giant one .
and our main process of creating one of the largest , dynamic computers of the world for this kind of kind of information .
you see the most popular line of the world &apos;s surface that we have as an artist for the scientists .
thank you very much .
interestingly , there &apos;s data of these two groups of people , data about how happy they are .
&quot; i &apos;m physically , financially , emotionally , mentally , mentally , mentally , in almost every other way . &quot; i don &apos;t have a minute .
he was not doing the money , and of course , ray was six months later , the same idea .
in this case , it &apos;s because they &apos;re used in the experiment i &apos;ve been using to tell you , prints from the images of the images .
we collected our materials , went out of the room , waiting for half an hour .
i &apos;m going to show you why .
they made two pictures and they had two beautiful pieces of notes , &quot; shiny contact of them for them , and we said , &quot; what would you be going to do ? &quot;
we take a completely new group of naive , and say , &quot; you know , we give a laser and we can make it on two different ways .
and the big car , the big car , and the most beautiful car is beautiful .
voices : it &apos;s going to go into the air . oh shit .
&quot; ma , don &apos;t start . &quot;
don &apos;t forget that this tradition is not from the clouds of the clouds , but back in a time , even before we put stories on the street , or the other time we were recording stories on the laundry , or the wet water .
the kind of food , yeah .
the kind of the roof of the roof , you know .
and so we had my father , because i knew he would kill me , if i had to drive her alone , so we go into the car .
&quot; and had this guy about a blue uniform and a little bit of a sudden on the face ? &quot;
i really want to go in there ? because if i don &apos;t have a thread to get me out of the way -- enough metaphors for your taste ? -- it could be that i never come back .
look ? we &apos;re a secret club with a secret computer system .
she says , &quot; ma , you have to look ! &quot;
&quot; i agree for the little old lady , damn , damn . &quot;
she &apos;s up from the car . &quot;
i really have great fear .
so what is the social result of this ?
where can i go today and join with whom ?
and if we have , we will decide how many miles we drive , where we live , where we live and work .
and smart terminal at the base of the station , and you see exactly where your bus is just on the road and when it comes , and you can buy your tickets in real time .
i want to do that we &apos;re going to launch the wireless wireless system , and i challenge that this network should be accessible to open standards for everyone .
and they came in the late 1960s .
and for all of you who came with a mental illness in touch , knowledge can be a challenge .
i said that i wanted to tell the most powerful , i wanted to share with you the three a &quot; fantastic &quot; and i wanted to leave them with a close .
because they were all three years old .
and so what i love about this story is that rosey grier is just a genuine person , and that &apos;s what authenticity is about .
i ate the t with a little bit of time . &quot;
you can sleep in clean sheets .
j it &apos;s so many that this is becoming problematic .
i found it strange about the way it was a competition , about a fresh wound .
it &apos;s largely a white white , rich , rich , which was not challenged for the city .
it looks pretty simple , but it was a very simple one .
people are talking about two things -- they were amazed about the destruction , but there was also a sense of the most powerful of the new york , which i found very moving .
because at the time , the four platforms along the surface of the ocean -- where one of the improved version of a computer is -- we knew that it had to be mobile to be able to get on the ground and the changed definition of ground zero .
we have the opportunity to rethink our thinking about cities .
dr : it was an honor .
and i know that kids are suffering every year .
if -- god forbid -- somebody from us here , and a concussion , would be a concussion , most of us in a period of time to some of the weeks of a few hours .
you have to know about the problems that we &apos;re talking about today .
as it turns out , tom saw a helmet for 20 dollars a good way to preserve a 100,000 percent of a million .
it &apos;s not true , but it happened tony blair during the davos in 2005 , when his doodle , of course , were discovered , and he was described as it was .
in other words , they have a common and growing complexity of visual language that &apos;s happening in the sequence of the sequence .
he said that there was no cure .
today , all countries are committed to provide patents for drugs that have at least 20 years .
it depends on the drug company of the drug company , and they &apos;re going to be able to make their patents available and make them available for others .
in orlando , the same kind of stage , a computer , the people sitting in the rubble , the afternoon , very high humidity , and they didn &apos;t feel like they were .
you can adapt everything to make your well-being .
he provides all these services , they spread , tickets , and so little things that you &apos;re doing online , but for people who are so eager to connect the digital world .
the question was , &quot; how do you make this teacher ?
and let &apos;s see what he does here .
and the husband of the daughter , he was sick also through the exhaustion of his wife .
but the visual complexity is still very big .
well , the most important thing about this is a research of our studies .
well , if we feel emotions , we show them .
and you could get the impression that the unhappy people are going to take a different structural position within the network .
this is my favorite story . &quot;
they &apos;re both of carbon , and yet one of both of them has been put in a particular way , which are put in a special way , on the left , and they get the soft and dark .
to put that something into a little bit , let me pull out a little bit .
and then , older is not just going to be .
under the same circumstances , older people are taking their cognitive resources , like the more powerful and memory , more on positive information than negative .
we cost life .
they would wish me , &quot; tonight , i &apos;m going to perform this kind of thing for this girl on this bar . &quot;
kid david : it &apos;s so that i &apos;m , frankly , not so right , often , when i dance .
they &apos;ve called me brother and uncles , and i &apos;ve been invited to go back to a period of five years .
shaffi : the second contract of fort laramie is clearly the sovereignty of the great sioux nation and the lakota of the lakota black hills .
the treaty of fort laramie was saying that at least three quarter of the world &apos;s brain would have to sign land .
they were tired of the treaties .
the most popular is eight times as high as the american average .
so what &apos;s going on ?
and today , child mortality has dropped over 24 percent today , for 1960 .
you get it either as a pill or a syringe , you have to take it every day to regulate your blood sugar .
if we do , how do we do it with people ?
but basically it makes a lot of sense .
it &apos;s called , are you smarter than a computer problem ?
bmw is a very safe car .
the problem for bmw is that this car looks safe .
now you &apos;re going to think , &quot; if my life depends on it , i &apos;m going to use it every day . &quot;
we need to connect this with a scientific method .
this is something else than actually an effective campaign campaign .
what &apos;s new is not new .
the lights will become dark .
we do it for our clients .
we have the sun in the sun .
now , logic -- logical , logical , looks at this position of view , and it &apos;s now going to be able to move out of this position .
i &apos;m going to be concerned now . now , if every time ... another person -- not always the same answers .
so , if you &apos;re interested in this , i &apos;m going to present some of the most powerful .
here -- i have to look at the beginning of looking at my cards during the ted industry -- oh , we should have started to start -- no problem , no problem .
yeah ?
i think ...
lg : pardon ?
what &apos;s the map i want to use ? the lady or five ?
lg : but you see the hand .
moment , wait for any card .
another color . lg : diamonds , perfect .
compassion .
diamonds , yes ? zoe : yeah .
here -- all the maps are blocked -- here &apos;s all the maps -- is it true to me ?
and finally , the king -- in exactly ... five seconds .
some of you seem to know this child .
after i was back , i was making my whole company a little bit of a research . &quot;
if you don &apos;t have a musical ear , you could not turn down in the car .
let &apos;s see what &apos;s really happening here .
i always say my students , &quot; if you have a fallacy always , you can see it , then everybody recognizes . &quot;
imagine the person and follow the whole way of the b after e and you will hear everything that chopin had to say .
i had an amazing experience . i was 45 years old , and i had a conductor for 20 years .
she came to auschwitz when she was 15 years old , her brother was eight , her parents lost her .
so , ladies and gentlemen from the jury , look at this .
if you &apos;re the fastest of all today , you get 20 dollars . &quot;
but for tasks of the 21st century , this ukrainian , no -- often doesn &apos;t work and often does harm .
think of your own work .
the standard standard is lower .
these are the building blocks of a completely new operating system for our business .
this one day , more intense autonomy has led to a whole series of plastic autonomy that might never have been given .
do it because you like to do it .
the aluminum is used because of its light weight .
in a series of 55 spheres , they drop , proportional , every sphere and their distances , to shrink their distances , until that little earth .
and the blue side , the most powerful , shows the other direction .
this has developed in many more skilled years .
the most important thing on the object would be a high image of the earth .
but it always makes the 10 percent or more back , which is most of the census or the most respected .
and a dollar company and a club to the most successful dollar dollar .
nonprofit organizations have to be able to recover , bold , big , big , new numbers of anxiety , from fear that their reputation is moved through the dirt .
so what should you do ?
the overhead left .
dan blakley : our thinking about charity is
then there was the audience &apos;s audience , yes , that &apos;s been made of their own part of the music .
people who have made these online tools , the most beautiful , all these beautiful instruments .
he says , &quot; i &apos;m responsible .
it &apos;s just about the execution of music , like it &apos;s written , not about interpretation . &quot;
so that &apos;s great . and what about the eyes ?
that &apos;s what he does .
you know , the authority is available when it &apos;s needed . that &apos;s very important .
so kleiber is about the process .
as a result , we tell ourselves a lot of stories about the future and about what steps we could do from here .
there are 98 nations around the world .
and in the face of climate change , it &apos;s not really doable .
and it &apos;s a process that makes really joy .
they think about whether they should move it forward .
and the most popular thing said , &quot; if we don &apos;t have transition , we would have to invent this entire community of the first time . &quot;
but there &apos;s a problem .
the budgets are not really balanced , and to a certain degree of the game , the games that they play to hide this is the subject that you can &apos;t see , the subject that you can &apos;t see quite obvious .
in fact , there are five states that are worse , and really only four states that are not going to stand up to stand .
and even if you just get so far , you could get money out there .
it should be more like private accounting .
but i had a sense of mind when i went to visit a little bit of time , and i was in my life , and i tried to decide between music and medicine .
if you laugh , you know .
many years after the solar-powered clocks , a young lady that i knew was that sex might be so good for the five senses .
the first thing is , we &apos;re going to get all five senses on an extreme level .
of course , the five senses are not the only thing that life makes interesting .
we &apos;re all born as an artist .
if you have a conversation that has to come up with the next answer to the next answer to the key , what it has started .
but their parents tell them , &quot; it &apos;s going to wash all of the waves . &quot;
but kids normally do art from fun . it &apos;s play .
but that &apos;s what a teacher is rarely found .
in the blink of the world , there are always people who are singing &quot; the &quot; the &quot; california &quot; or &quot; hotel california &quot; while they &apos;re imitating the &quot; hotel california . &quot;
in this minute , we can turn off the tv . it &apos;s a little bit of the internet , and they &apos;re on the internet , they &apos;re going to do something .
the students fall into a kind of trance .
he said it was his profile . &quot; and what are you ? &quot; i said , &quot; actor , &quot; he said .
let &apos;s start with this point .
it will give more powerful storms and bigger flooding .
if you &apos;re , it will be a warming in the future .
but the delay is exactly the expectations .
the economic consequences are almost inconceivable .
a big part of the species will be endangered .
now , if a car accident happens , it &apos;s critical that we don &apos;t just save the stunt , but the crew .
so , for something else , otherwise , it was used to be used , and once it was all you had .
but today we use a more sophisticated .
more is not a business of a game .
in 1960 , joseph mandelbrot &apos;s united states has something very incredible done by the united states air force .
one of the difficulty in this altitude , if you go to 10,000 feet -- that &apos;s great , right ? if you go to 10,000 , you can really use oxygen .
and they &apos;ve designed a puppet for him , just like this .
we expect and expect to expect that maybe the demonstrations or the most important thing will be said , &quot; you must put somebody in a suit that &apos;s not filled with the airplane . &quot;
there were three main classes -- right ? -- that &apos;s the conference that &apos;s been important to what i want to talk about .
and the girl said , &quot; you know , you know . &quot;
the problem is to stay an artist while you &apos;re growing up . i &apos;m now convinced that we don &apos;t grow in creativity , but we &apos;re going to be in fact .
all over the world .
the whole system was invented -- there was no public education systems around the 19th century .
the brain is not divided in areas .
they did ballet , they made a ballet , and jazz , they danced modern and contemporary dances .
the festival goes to like very well . with a press press for the people you would die .
let &apos;s just say value for the long-term .
dubai is like a hand that supports every one of the things that &apos;s going to be supported in the gang .
before i want to go back to the middle east , i &apos;m going to end up with a quote with a quote of one of the largest most profound .
it &apos;s also the most popular .
well , you &apos;re a little bit of the behavior , and you &apos;re disorders of the mind .
we don &apos;t all have facts . we don &apos;t even know what tools will be , or what we need to be in the uniquely , to be able to get to the situation before the different behavior shows .
how are you going to increase it ? &quot;
the three are all the same , although they &apos;re all the same in different context , one is magical , the other two are like work , i like these books because they have something very special about it .
the kids have taught them .
they were very friendly .
we also believe that the content is more important .
i was changing by my children .
howard makes this experiment and when he gets the data , he draws a curve , and suddenly he recognizes that no beautiful news effect makes it .
this was his debut . he was obsessed with it .
howard doesn &apos;t believe that there &apos;s this at all .
and that &apos;s what people say , if you ask them how to ask their coffee .
a mustard with more elegance and culture and meaning .
so , it was . and why would we love that ?
he was a few times destroyed , and spent most of his career in the lower nightmare , and then ended up in management . he became the general manager of the oakland a .
we all know what happened when millions of women were given over decades of the symptoms of the world &apos;s symptoms until we have a huge study , and we found from the national health system , found , found , found out , found out of the national health system .
thank you .
but dad &apos;s amazing and he didn &apos;t want us to do that .
but there &apos;s also a middle area in between .
these are four really different ways to see the world . i named them .
what &apos;s interesting is , once you get it -- and by the way -- that &apos;s from the amur -- show all the artifacts of modern comics : the simple line of the modern comics , and a very high line of the left to right .
and that was what i proposed : we could maybe make comics on an infinite canvas : on the top of the line and in the y-axis and in the y-axis .
this is from daniel &apos;s most fond of the u.k.
maybe you &apos;ve been all right , but for me , so often i &apos;ve been working on this hard day , i had never seen this kind of thing that i had ever seen , i had this kind of one of the most powerful challenges that i had ever seen .
this is honestly and true , and the reason the fey &apos;s representation of this is a sustainable impression .
if you think your baby is gay or lesbian , you should give it to adoption .
and political policy was the citizens of texas , praying to the rain of texas .
this song is called &quot; the sun &apos;s sun . &quot;
i want to start a little bit different tonight , because i want to ask you to leave the land and jump into the open ocean .
they were starting to go after the dinosaurs , 65 million years ago , when whales had legs , they allow me to get this poetic of a plastic , and they allow me to get this poetic of the carbon .
and how do you do that ?
the california forest takes the molas , if they come into the bay , they turn them into a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a plastic , and then they put them around .
i &apos;ll show you our last data data .
and in the most exciting , all of their love and their interest for the oceans were in common .
as you can see here , this is a circuit board .
you don &apos;t hear anything like this every day .
so ha ha .
in australia , it &apos;s mostly the local aboriginal people sitting in prison .
she told him and he asked the first to the first ever , what we call the most popular .
because nobody gets a more threatening .
so why don &apos;t we do something about this problem in the everyday world ?
goodbye mahatma gandhi .
could i get my last track ?
never , that &apos;s impossible ! no , no , no ! that &apos;s not possible . &quot;
you could deal with the addition of the addition .
von neumann , a mathematician , and a mathematician from the army , took everything together , and then they needed a room to build them .
and the one that worked first was by the first time .
&quot; ah ! &quot; they found that it was a more powerful thing .
i know if i have to get beaten . &quot;
he had the machine running the whole night , if somebody remembers stephen wolfram , who &apos;s invented the whole thing again .
now we &apos;re going to sit here 50 years later -- it &apos;s a kind of force of legislation .
sadly , in the next 18 minutes i &apos;m talking about here , four americans who are now alive , die , because of their diet .
this is a global problem .
and it &apos;s a wonderful city .
and he &apos;s got the g20 full of it . he &apos;s tired of his friends , his family and his community to have to be a community .
they want ... they want to control themselves .
you know , it &apos;s been left for long , long time at this narrow understanding .
we don &apos;t teach our kids .
and most kids get them .
good , supermarkets .
if you can cook , time doesn &apos;t matter .
in all america , many wonderful things go to a lot of wonderful things when we just look back .
misha glenny : anonymous , ladies and gentlemen -- a subtle group of political hacker that is brought in 2011 .
the net connects everything and it &apos;s very soon a lot of human activity .
interestingly , anonymous uses his own information , but not for financial profits .
he explained to me how he went in 2003 and 2004 , and he went in new york , took 10,000 dollars from the atm machines here , 30,000 dollars from the atm cards there using a cloned cards .
he was born in a stable and respect class in a stable and respect family to play as a teenager , and he was being brought to the prison .
and most of the people , with script and the most exception , they showed no real social skills in the outside world -- only in the net .
i think there &apos;s several reasons . i &apos;m not going to go into the details , but some people say .
but they &apos;re all of the market , and what &apos;s driving the market is mostly -- number one is the big demographic demographic .
we also found a lot of examples of dead big boxes that have been transformed in all kinds of social institutions , many schools , many churches , and many libraries , like this one .
and finally , i expect the streets to be distributed through the mall of the mall .
it &apos;s very successful . and it helped motivate that eight of 13 regional plastic systems have been in denver plans to become a lot of time .
the stream was covered by the parking parking lot .
their citizens are different than typical of the typical , but they &apos;re less than cities .
&quot; his vagina to look at , &quot; she said , &quot; is a whole whole business . &quot;
but actually , it didn &apos;t start there , it started with a conversation with a woman .
it &apos;s about a gender , which is a fundamental resource of the planet , which is women .
it &apos;s a key , and the way it really exists in the body , and i think there &apos;s a real meaning in our bodies , our bodies , that we have created a division of the decision that is also a bit of the decision that makes the decision of the decision .
i want to tell you this little story about my own beginnings , because it &apos;s very strong with happiness , and agnes .
maybe it &apos;s on my own south carolina , which is not much smaller than this today , and once from a future as an independent country .
well , maybe he was too damn a damn damn , because he was staying , even after the nazis , and even after the nazis and the most cosmopolitan and the most cosmopolitan and the street and the street .
and he got the same answer : &quot; bring me the best workers you can find and if you &apos;re good enough , i &apos;m going to give you a . &quot;
and also , it says , &quot; it &apos;s okay . it was all so beautiful .
&quot; ah ! &quot; dr. robicsek said , &quot; i &apos;ve gone in the movie . &quot;
like , he said to too much .
and you can imagine it right .
you know what you &apos;re looking for .
but we &apos;re taking care of the most difficult cases and order to make the other day for the next day .
so we came to these two rules .
so i went to russia , and my mother went to the soviet union while the soviet union .
and if you think it &apos;s not going to be , it &apos;s going to be so long , until you keep doing it .
what i want to do with this is i hope to make these points .
and what i want to point out later in the presentation is 50 percent of the united states .
it &apos;s there , because the photons can &apos;t reach the average depth of the ocean , which is the most powerful mile , the rift valley is on the highway .
and so we went along the mountain station in a field next to the mountain floor , and found the missing heat .
so i started to develop a new computer program , with a computer company that replaces me , and i don &apos;t have to go into my vehicle .
we find the state of conservation .
and i looked at them yesterday , she &apos;s up in seattle . ok .
but i would leave a kid without driver &apos;s control .
in some parts of the world , in south africa , education is just hard to do .
when we saw the impact of the crowd , andrew and i decided we needed to increase it to be so many people as possible to offer the best education .
what was the special thing about these courses ?
the video will be interrupted all the few minutes and the students will ask a question .
so we wanted to convince some of our colleagues of the humanities that multiple choice is not so bad .
in terms of certain courses , you can ask , what are the most common ones and how to help the students to fix these .
we even see the beginning of either a personalized curriculum or through a personalized curriculum that we showed them .
i thought about my place in the universe , and what my first thought was , what was infinity , when i was a kid .
and in our society , of course , it &apos;s mostly about making the reality of other people .
i have my doubt about the values of newton science , like , for example , it &apos;s expected to be rational in a more rational .
so you can understand my surprise when i got to read in the new yorker , that alan greenspan , the government &apos;s head , says , &quot; be the edge of the federal reserve , &quot; he said , &quot; be legendary rand . &quot;
i think you can do that funny , and you can &apos;t have the ones that don &apos;t have . right from that reason , i don &apos;t have jokes , and i &apos;m not a jokes about leahy and his charming .
i &apos;ve been doing this old times of the most ancient time that i &apos;m telling you .
he said , i had to pay him more respect because it can take to 18 years to become a really good job of a good job .
huh ? yes ? what ? i can &apos;t hear them . &quot;
and i &apos;m afraid that this active person may not be us .
i thought about moshe &apos;s thoughts about beauty that you &apos;re talking about yesterday , because the charter in his book says that the trickster can sometimes make beauty .
george w. bush : what the defense of our security costs , and what the defense of our freedom costs , we need to pay the price . &quot;
ten years ago , no astronomer on the world would have come to the idea -- well , or very few astronomers -- that there are planets outside of our solar system .
many other ecosystems on earth are truly in danger .
he &apos;s constantly making a experiment that an experiment could go wrong with a particle accelerator , and it could produce a chain that &apos;s destroyed the world .
we need to have a biotechnology with biotechnology same as a result of the same .
so , of course , we don &apos;t want to see .
what can we do in the world ?
and now the worst thing is .
we use a lot of money to make sure that we don &apos;t die at a time , but we &apos;re almost not going to be in a way , and yet it &apos;s completely preventable .
we don &apos;t want to get caught back on the wrong foot .
i hope that will .
this is very , very important because this is the system that &apos;s coming out of the life , and it &apos;s now time for us to understand it .
it &apos;s an amazing insight . and we &apos;ve only been aware of it for recently .
and this is what the system tells you , a number of places in the southern hemisphere , in these circles .
everybody who comes to this is just reaching on the database and can get the information out of it , which is needed to do anything .
we &apos;re on the ride to ride the wave , the technological possibilities .
in a earthquake , big amounts of these new microbes that we never saw before , from the sea floor .
the most popular john hunter &apos;s network creates a network of the cameras and sensors that make our oceans to global , interactive lab -- and a more powerful thing about the world of deep .
so i think optimism is going to move forward to architecture .
so again , radical versus conservative .
the most obvious thing about the case . you know , too often , you want to understand everything .
our intellectual desires are complex .
you know it &apos;s true ; the cathedrals , as unexpected , will always be unexpected .
but i &apos;m rather an unknown thing , and even with mistakes , rather than repeat the same thing , so it &apos;s the same thing that it &apos;s from his dental exploitation .
risks of rooms never have been so much as much as they should be in a groundbreaking city .
there &apos;s the emotions of victims .
daniel libeskind : building very large ideas , he calls 17 terms of his vision of architecture -- raw , ambitious , recyclable , radical -- and inspiration for every bold creative pursuit .
it also has the lowest oil of all the cars of this size .
is it really going to be a little bit like this , or will it just give you a few more plastic points ?
em : it &apos;s just that you have to . if not , we &apos;re in big trouble .
with this capital , and it &apos;s installed the panels on the roof , and then it &apos;s turning the panels on the roof , and then the doctor &apos;s flu is a monthly village , which is lower than the electricity bill .
we failed , but we &apos;ve come to 2008 .
it &apos;s similar to a jet jet .
how about everything in the world could be an innovative person ?
look at that .
boy , if you look at our livestock , and a cheetahs see how he eats one of our goats , it &apos;s very nervous . then go to him .
we suffered hunger .
our tradition looks like this : in every single time , there &apos;s a holy fire .
until now we were with support of the world wildlife fund in the situation that &apos;s very small programs to use with the value of the world .
also , very important -- we invest the money in the enlightenment of aids and hiv .
and the more important thing -- again , a lot of the time in the world of the world &apos;s population -- are very useful , they &apos;re a wonderful means .
and we hide this price behind huge winning .
dan laurel and alice &apos;s lead to passionate the oddities of environmental food .
and the , shells , oysters , oysters , the water , the street , the ones , they were the known species .
this is like a cocktail of protein .
science sees the world through the mind , in some ways , and things that can be measured and described , but they have a framework for knowledge and insight .
from a few cameras , a plan of a few cameras became a plan with 25 weeks of a plan .
this is the natural cycle .
that would not usually do a photographer , a photograph of a photograph , right ? but sometimes it &apos;s got to be , and sometimes it has to be to show the dimensions .
here &apos;s how the glacier goes back .
this is a couple of cameras .
could india be the origin or a global center for innovation , just like it has become a global center for the world &apos;s center and the world &apos;s disease ?
when we asked people to talk to people in these online centers , they said , &quot; we &apos;re working on global products . &quot;
you can &apos;t be a professor if you weren &apos;t too student .
the best hospitals , in the doctors for cancer cancer , would go and do the disease of births , and in births , heart disease , heart disease , for artificial health , to be 4 a.m.
it works a little bit like -- this is a recently more recent video model for four o &apos;clock in the morning .
i said , i know a very promising message when i see a .
every one in our society comes to cancer -- if not personally , then through a beloved person , a family member , a family , a friend .
in this space space , the genetic material , the chromosomes , within a nucleus .
we &apos;ve applied tumor fields in the lab over 20 different types of cancer , and we see this effect in all of it .
he got the most popular .
but what we can see is that in sixth month of the tumor , it &apos;s starting to be a little bit of the tumor .
that &apos;s just the beginning .
this is a new cubicle , a new project .
in fact , they &apos;re 15 feet deep , and they collect rainwater from the roof , there &apos;s a little pipe , and from their courtyard .
so , water from 300 , 400 miles away , it looks like this .
somewhere is running a stream or a water stream through this scene .
this is called &quot; excessive &quot; . in english , we have a lot of water and water .
and you have to go further .
these are the beautiful stairs we just saw on one of the images .
and the more than 27 percent is down : 600,000 fewer people per year get hiv in sub-saharan africa .
10 percent of india .
they will get the jobs in textiles , which people get out of the street and they get them to the way to the industrialization and prosperity .
and the countries on the right , because you see the most powerful thing , and basically every country with a computer company , we say , less than 5,000 dollars , a computer of saying we &apos;re three .
in the first 20 years , in the &apos; 60s and &apos; 70s , india grew up not so properly .
buy african products .
but i think a lot of a lot of the problem is that this logic -- that we should drop ipods and not drop bombs -- i mean , it would be a great title for thomas chaplin &apos;s new book .
and then 500 people have been told , and four of them were selected to visit the institution and so they &apos;re going to be able to get to the work of the institution .
so now , citizens with the planning of planning to 2020 is not necessarily anything that is going to change , because it still is the dictators that control the agenda .
so , the internet &apos;s internet is , is the internet going to be the worst expectations ?
&quot; like a man . &quot;
and he was standing with us younger guys .
because for me , the time that i was in this time , and in this particular field , the question was , &quot; you want to ? &quot; either sex or drugs -- and drugs were not taking us .
i was paralyzed , people .
as indians , and now politicians and the other people , i &apos;m pretty much about the most cosmopolitan , which is our country , concerned , all the talk about india as a new superpower , even the new superpower .
in other words , all kinds of things tell us about countries , regardless of whether they want to get the ones to get the daylight or not .
but the lightning in our country , at the time , was pretty slow , took it to a half an hour to a call called the call .
it can &apos;t understand the dialogues .
this can sometimes have an unwanted consequence . ok .
and these of you who have a cash set of money , like you might have surprised , might be surprised to see how many of the people who are going to explain the most powerful thing .
i went home and i was doing a little bit of a little bit of a scary statistics , and i found some scary statistics .
so , the water &apos;s water is a bath without water .
and now i feel like george bush .
now , this title , this phrase , comes from a critic , a early critic and this is a passage that i just love , and i would like to read them to you .
and that &apos;s a good thing , because if it would be , mother nature would have a problem : how about everything in the world we get to mate ?
this is the hardest part , which is not obvious , and so i &apos;ve been taking it for the end .
ok ? stop . that &apos;s what it &apos;s going to do .
i don &apos;t know why there are a lot of time , but no matter , they &apos;re in the garden .
thank you , thank you . thank you .
i actually suspect that the most important thing is probably a lot of reasons why we want to be very , very quickly , very quickly .
it &apos;s like this . you should see this like this .
bob mckim has a different -- another version of this exercise in a pretty famous experiment in the &apos; 60s .
and we &apos;ve learned that with time : you get a much better , much more creative results , if all of you are holding the rules .
and suddenly , there was a productive conversation about design around a real object .
they &apos;re sometimes a little skeptical , i &apos;ll come back to it .
you know how it feels , all of these uncertainty , as long as you leave in the corridor while the doctors are going to be in one of the most cosmopolitan , and you ask yourself what &apos;s going on here .
so we would all feel sure , and we would have a good time , because we agree with the rules and agree with it .
we do everything that leads to success , but then if we &apos;re there , we think we &apos;ve done it . we &apos;re just satisfied , and we just stop doing all that , and we just do that .
i was faster , but i was just depressed .
i learned that success is not a one-way street .
and the most simple thing is just full of hotter girls . &quot;
i actually wrote , &quot; oh my god , &quot; hopefully , for forever , the last time in public .
he certainly made it fit together .
it took 900 people to do it .
and the second thing is that people obviously experience a real connection .
these are questions .
as you see in modern liberal democracies , society allows us to determine the state of ourselves , our self , but it also requires us to form it .
it means we &apos;re going to meet our full potential as human beings .
so these are the layers that i wanted to share with you today -- the question that i wanted to do today -- the question : what are the intentions that come to use when they design something ?
so i said , and my colleague sebastian thrun said that there must be better ways .
and we were successful .
i &apos;m going to give you one in the fall .
he &apos;s going to be in the right position , and they &apos;re going to be with his nose and beating .
we learned the first surprise .
it had to give any kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of energy to create the amount of force and the speed that we observe and the speed of the system .
a load cell measures forces and that &apos;s actually a cell load cell with a crystal inside .
this is the most powerful -- here &apos;s the heel , and that &apos;s going to be around and hit the load cell .
a very , very , very , very , very , very , very profound solution .
and careful : it &apos;s not earth , stupid , it &apos;s ocean .
i think that &apos;s one of the most beautiful classical music projects ever built .
i don &apos;t know any other news of the other , not even the other , which is just that it &apos;s a three-dimensional space .
now you can see that -- he just gives me a stand .
the submarine , the last year , was this one .
true is the understanding of architecture as a tool , and , please , excuse me , the obvious example -- is not the right approach we need to choose .
basically , new york on the back of the mountain is built , our streets over their shells .
in these eight side boats , small amounts of wood are going to be a little bit of plastic .
so you walked around in london , and it was overwhelmed by this smell .
finally , snow created a map of the outbreak .
and that &apos;s what happens every second week .
i made her portrait on the top of the temple temple .
and in this area of the amazon , in the amazon of the amazon , oil was discovered .
the other side of the field is torah , where actually , in fact , osama bin laden is supposed to be a store . that &apos;s a little bit of a sudden .
this was one of the great ones .
this is the most powerful . let me move and show you the hubble field of deep field .
but then you get to jupiter and that &apos;s 40 minutes away . that &apos;s a problem .
that &apos;s going to be the part that &apos;s going to be about understanding the universe of the universe .
we only have a million galaxies .
so this stuff is the stuff that seems to be in the picture , dark matter .
when you saw this picture for the first time , you can &apos;t see a lot of it .
this simulation was done with 1,000 processors a month , just to make this visible .
we have a resolution with a resolution that &apos;s about this image of the earth , which is actually the complicated pattern of the earth that you can actually see the complicated pattern of the earth .
and in the consequence , we are stressed .
47 percent .
that &apos;s crazy . we &apos;re constantly doing that , even in the everyday life .
i went to a vicious cycle . that led to many pain and problems with the joints so i could almost keep nothing more .
so i asked myself , could you be creative if you look for intent to the limitations ?
this is not what happened to tomorrow .
the total of the life is responsible , as well as a computer designer , and there &apos;s a lot of the kind of unfinished skin , and there &apos;s a friendly monitor of the distribution of the distribution .
stalin &apos;s famine &apos;s famine , who killed millions of years , killed millions of people in the &apos; 40s , and they saw the nazis , the nazis , they were burning , they were burning , and many of the women were going to be trafficked as a police student .
because it brings the grief to . &quot;
and as a psychologist , the idea of most of us , the idea of what we learned in the virtual world about us , and about our identity , could use to live a better life in the real world .
we used to be used to a new way of being together .
human relationships are lush , chaotic and more friendly .
it &apos;s called it .
because in the moment , in the people alone , even for a few seconds , they will be able to get a panic , fear , they get panic , they get to a electronic device .
but we &apos;re in danger , because in fact , the opposite is true .
i &apos;m optimistic .
but apparently , we didn &apos;t seem to win every one of the most successful people who had predicted some of our students , and quite often -- quite often , i felt that they had predicted their predictions on financial ways .
maybe because my father has read the night .
so i got them quiet -- but i was very pleased to be , and they had to be fine .
and finally , i thought a pyramid , but i &apos;m missing the time , and i &apos;m missing the time .
although you lose , no fear of failure , if we &apos;ve given all of you , because who can be more desire to give you more than anything he can do .
if i should name names , i never know a answer .
did i have enough water tools ?
the second challenge would be cells .
today , in many clinical trials , different types of stem cells are used for heart disease .
it &apos;s only last month that we &apos;ve done this technology to show human rights .
we can then map them and turn to 360 degrees and analyze the kidney in all their dental properties , and then we can just take this information and print it by a peer .
i couldn &apos;t regularly go to school . i was just dirty .
i was a kid , i said , &quot; yes , i want to do this . i want to do this surgery .
you may have noticed that a new area is called a new area .
and connected to this , there were examples of the world -- from the choice of a president to the dismay of wikipedia and everything in between -- the ones that could be able to achieve a lot of the power .
third , the more common environmental problems .
because what you need , that &apos;s the hole , not the drill .
i don &apos;t want a cd , i want to do the music that she plays .
i &apos;m a hot name , joseph and a member of a member of kenya .
we need to have our women and children , we need to run . &quot;
i &apos;m trying to improve infrastructure .
late in the night , i went home with batteries and ice .
together , did anybody have a notes ?
co : i decided to stay in the country , the master &apos;s in moscow and work in full-time , to make this happen .
and that can be huge spending , but if the city can win a number of x volunteers for y hours , the most powerful of the city &apos;s work is the most powerful work of the city .
they have a lot of paper , tables and data .
so these are , in the 18 minutes , that i &apos;ve been given to talk to you about here , between two and a half people who are going to be traveled to cities .
and he was in a prison factory in a nazi mud .
the buildings here have several stories .
these green things in the foreground are mangoes .
and if you &apos;re a legal system , you have political activities .
i couldn &apos;t know that i would be part of a technological revolution that would be true to this dream .
think about it . these men who didn &apos;t have the same kind of energy , i helped me get through their engaged support , to get a little more profitable in law .
at the time , the only thing that was used to do was , in the process , just with a computer company , but by using a laser , and he could use a machine , and he could develop a machine that could read every single time of reading .
but you know , i think it &apos;s very lonely to read me from machines .
because it &apos;s not allowed to transport these books across the border , to the different english countries , different versions of the world , the u.k. , united states , canada , australia , australia , and new zealand had to have all different kinds of dna of harry potter .
the most important thing . lifespan has been doubling more than doubled and it grows with a speed of five hours a day .
one last thing . do you wish people like me lucky ? okay ?
second , the new machine machine is a good news , because , as soon as the androids take work , we don &apos;t have to do that anymore and we have to do that and we have to get more polite and more .
the social challenges of this inequality should be given attention .
the economic game is surprising , and surprisingly straightforward , especially on short sight .
and my biggest concern is that we create a world with a world , embedded with technology , embedded in a slightly more sophisticated society and supported by an economy that is causing inequality instead .
and i started feeling more and more of the time that i was going to feel like this notion of god .
some have a few of the things that we can only believe in a god that shares our pain .
the second thing is , the line comes out &quot; wind and waves obey him . &quot;
so who is god , if not the big bang or the big news ?
the loving soul of the universe .
by looking inside the god , by looking at my own inwardness .
one of the first things i started studying was the story of the technology technology , &quot; technology . &quot;
we &apos;ve never found any more sophisticated , which was older than 40 years , and the average age of this century and the collectors are 20 to 30 .
our bodies have used to this new diet .
so this equality of energy and matter , the einstein has shown , and also the modern science of the world &apos;s population , the entropy and information and matter and matter and matter and matter all of the time , so it &apos;s a long continuum .
this is a robot that wants to stick its own plug to get more electricity .
and what i mean with that is that we &apos;re looking for your new job .
a great development that started billions of years ago , moving through us and continues , and our choice is in the technology , is really in the way that we &apos;re going to be careful with this force that is much more powerful than we do .
and they said , &quot; well , we have five classes of 30 to 40 students .
we were doing all this down and found beautiful , and we found beautiful bars , and it had this look -- while we said , &quot; you know what , it looks like the hull of a ship . &quot;
so we waited , we sat on the tables and we waited .
there are many of the things that are the only problem , the only problem , especially for the adults who were doing nothing , who didn &apos;t really know anything like they were starting to have a toilet .
the teachers that we work with -- everything else is different for teachers -- they tell us what we should do .
about 170 tutors worked with them on the book , and so this is wonderful .
and right behind -- there &apos;s usually a small chain -- right behind it , they were taught how kids were taught .
there &apos;s also these kinds of things -- it &apos;s a shelf that you don &apos;t see when you &apos;re in the blink of the room , but it &apos;s slowly opening .
he &apos;s a little bit of a text . he &apos;s bringing his cousins .
he writes a email , he will tell you every question you can imagine .
i was this girl .
80 percent of the refugees in the world are women and children . oh .
there &apos;s a side that thinks that peace is the end of the struggle , and there &apos;s a side that thinks that peace is the creation of schools and jobs .
she sent her children to school -- found a new home .
there &apos;s also one that &apos;s called the manual for complete idiots , did you know ?
on cape , there &apos;s a street street , and we can all drive here .
that &apos;s my baby &apos;s baby . thank you .
he basically said , &quot; i &apos;ve designed everything . &quot;
and in a certain sense , i always felt bad .
so i came up with this kind of complications .
i found that cheetos are very good at the same time .
the university is the most difficult , so number 10 .
from all in a strange fashion , about a window of the window , which is a window to the moment , where the street was black , and that white white , the street was there in the sun .
and i was reminded by the great presentation of karen armstrong that religion really understood nothing with faith , but to do with behavior .
the most sophisticated , geographically seen , the same size . it doesn &apos;t look like this , but it &apos;s exactly the same size as the united states , leaving a field that &apos;s about the same size as the state of arizona .
but it &apos;s not just the developed developed world .
we can &apos;t wait for the most sophisticated , the australia had to change our political culture .
this challenge is part of the structure of our whole civilization .
a new appreciation of the design system that we have through the assumption of this challenge .
before i show you a few pictures to a preview , i want to point on this beautiful detail about the design of design and design .
rca is really an extraordinary school .
we &apos;ve been discussing this morning with keith , that many scientists don &apos;t tend to show something beautiful in their talks , fear of fear , as stupid as a stupid thing .
so here &apos;s the example that you can print textiles already in 3d , which is very interesting .
so that makes us think more about what robots mean for us .
no . so i had to think a little bit of a little sharper .
we did the same for iraq .
that was a challenge we had to ask as a physicist .
we can push it up . the forces are more than more . there are more of them , but they &apos;re weaker .
&quot; traditionally seven &quot; a whole band of the whole .
and there are some employees in foundations called the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; of &quot; the &quot; . &quot;
the idea of justice , which shows our lives , and gives us a sense of what &apos;s right in life , which is just in life , what we should do , social justice .
and as it is , he &apos;s a while , as the most cosmopolitan .
so every week , the most popular one would come up . &quot; god , you &apos;ve answered me . &quot;
they &apos;re a symptom for a tumor , infection , an infection or a surgery .
the muscles were frozen , paralyzed -- called the way that .
we treat them with a drug of drugs -- -- the ones that are , frankly , in this kind of pain , not very effective .
now you get a sense of this , as a lot of rock we &apos;re talking about here .
it was 1908 . it &apos;s not . so i can live .
i don &apos;t know if you can see it from the back line from all the back of the line . these are just stars .
in 2005 , nasa started a probe called deep impact , which is one of the things that was a bit of a comet in the core of a comet .
these are smart guys -- men and women -- astronauts , i said , engineers .
the difference between the dinosaurs and us is that we have a more powerful and choosing , and we can change our future .
i &apos;ve led to this time , the only independent , to be exactly the only electronic medium of the country .
and i thought that the survival of the survival and a great company would be if the first thing was , if the first was gone , what was going on .
and at the end of the meeting , he says , look , it &apos;s not going to work , you will never see your money again , but my foundation will put 50,000 dollars on the table so you can test the idea .
and we said , this is okay , we &apos;re going to meet your business plan , which you actually did .
see , we started in east and central europe , and we went to russia .
after a while , we opened a solar system .
and we &apos;ve developed the idea of spending bonds , bonds on the free press .
and in this way , you have the funding , so that it doesn &apos;t exist , no blind , no longer , to find out .
so why does it work ? that &apos;s the question .
well , some of the things that are called a theory of everything .
just an example is this : newton found the law of gravity , which works like one of the square things that are divided by the square of the earth &apos;s objects .
the more symmetry you have , the better you do the simplicity and elegance of the theory .
one thing he thought was most of us today , but it was not of course , but it was not natural .
it doesn &apos;t matter the meaning of this fan that they &apos;re following the laws of law , and accidents .
but he read in every free moment he had , books .
from this ambition , he went back to the prison .
but when he was just in the process of putting his signature under the world &apos;s office , his hand was deaf and was shaking because he had a thousand hands in a prison store .
not very surprising -- it was only three women under the 16 house in the white house .
but i have to say , the older i became , the more i understand what was an incredible privilege to have this aging lion of a man that spent so many hours .
and as lincoln told the story , all after the war went to the u.k.
i asked my father , &quot; what can we do ? &quot;
what the reason is that i &apos;m always grateful for this strange love to history that allows me to spend a life in back to the past .
he had the temple of the temple and he had a lot of time .
this is the most popular thing that is the evidence that the jews are in the exile , after the years of exile , after all the years they sat in babylon , and in the memory of jerusalem , that these jews were going to go home .
all of these are informed by cyrus .
the cylinder cylinder is from the priests of the great world &apos;s great family , marduk , marduk .
they all know what happened .
to see this object in tehran , thousands of people came to tehran , and they came to tehran .
some of you know more about the living conditions , but you still think you &apos;re a kind of a bad error .
the new ones of the baby cried in the first few hours , but their needs were not satisfied and they were not allowed to go to the end of the day , and they were going to be surprised by the air , and they were going to start to get the air , like all other .
a study shows that support support 10 percent of a nuclear cost costs , while it costs about 30 percent .
and that was fascinating to me because i had almost spent my whole life on a camera .
you know , you know , you know , you &apos;re very quickly doing what you have to do to find a answer .
it was a nonprofit people -- most of them and family .
we heard each one .
but of course he never came . the explanation never happened .
and after many , many meetings i was thrilled that this man , mmm , really , really , one of my heroes and mentors , did it , and he managed to get the pencils into the boat .
so he said yes , and we found ourselves in afghanistan .
they were the ones who believed in peace and his opportunities , etc . , and they were actually going to be a reality .
we connect with the dna of the -- i met the street , i said , &quot; in london , i said , &quot; in london , it &apos;s about truce .
it &apos;s about your own business , to your business .
the biggest brains of the world should also be cognitively capable .
i went to the literature of this number , but i could never find them .
there &apos;s just a big brain brain .
and amazingly , it fits exactly what our ancestors have invented 1.5 million years ago when they discovered cooking .
pretty simple approaches to the most important conversations i led .
and i think i &apos;m just at the beginning .
but once the struggle is the struggle , the physical rehabilitation was exposed to .
behind him was a kid , his son , red in the face of effort , his father .
but mahmoud and his son were there .
i was talking to my boss at the headquarters in the headquarters , and i told them -- i was going to tell you , &quot; look , we &apos;re going to start with a few hours a day , just for some warning . &quot;
two groups of the world &apos;s population started fighting .
so i asked him , &quot; what &apos;s it going to happen ? &quot;
&quot; yes , we need to increase the production of feet .
he was a new man , even bigger .
and it &apos;s not just in the orthopedic center , but in the houses of people .
and you should see me during a computer scanner .
and this hospital could have been able to afford .
why ? because the way i took it was banned .
but i learned something more about that , which is that the leaders -- the leaders of the economy -- the most powerful decisions of the economy were made of the collapse of the collapse .
because i knew that the state of the african continent was important for my children and their children .
i &apos;m trying to get the experience i had in swarthmore , to africa .
is my time ? ok .
we &apos;ve reached a moment from a great society within a generation .
you &apos;ll notice that he &apos;s very similar to the baby &apos;s yellow ball -- the sun we draw as children .
in fact , that &apos;s something that half of you , more than half , will be familiar with it .
32 pills of the bell &apos;s forte .
i think it &apos;s a lot of time . &quot;
and these are the messages that they &apos;re communicating to you ?
because , in the end , the funders love it , and so he brings them all the time into television .
a professional family worker who talks to dead , she doesn &apos;t get me ?
what is homeopathy ?
we &apos;d like to have a number of people who were like to put people out of the way , and they were doing a lot of people , and they were doing something like that .
thank you .
so the entire hospital is often going on a generator .
there must be something better . &quot;
but that &apos;s how the user can control whether there &apos;s electricity or not , because they can control the most powerful on the ground , how much percent oxygen you give your patient .
but we want to be sure that this is the most effective and poor device that we can provide hospitals .
the different types of writing in africa , the first one was the first one , like the typeface , which is the secret of a secret society of the secret of the secret in the world .
anyway , until 1998 , as a computer named john barnett &apos;s name in the prison department in the prison room in the south school , in the coastal community , in the coastal 1900s , in the coastal 1900s , were discovered in the 1,800 b.c.
almost one fifth of the greenhouse gases comes from livestock -- that &apos;s more than traffic .
not bad .
i like animals , and the animals in the line of the line , and animals like tools to produce the tools , is not just that good .
and the one in french was a french issue .
a picture of fish would be better , right ?
so it wasn &apos;t quite bad .
i &apos;m going to ask you a question .
some of us would be that maybe that wouldn &apos;t be so bad .
i asked a question about a year ago , &quot; why am i , although i know what i know , no vegetarian ? &quot;
on the weekend , you have the choice .
you can make a picture with an iphone and get all the names , even though it &apos;s still making mistakes .
it &apos;s distracted . he &apos;s going to win the race .
you can &apos;t see it because it &apos;s too big .
you would be able to find out , it &apos;s more interest about finding out , if the operations are so high , but it &apos;s a very , very noisy area .
or an aesthetic experience -- a sunset or a big art piece .
the human nature has to change .
but part of the reason -- and that &apos;s why we have an ethical level in the eye of that -- is that they &apos;re also intrinsic .
it could be more complicated in people , but maybe not very .
jh : is it liberating to play with these forces ?
and so i knew that i need something to remote control .
so there &apos;s a lot of time , because there &apos;s a lot of the dynamic , because it &apos;s the dynamic behavior of the liquid .
and so i think that you can be a little bit of the way .
this is a great cambridge studio in the studio .
we take the pizza , our very first pizza , and we reject the individual slices while the messenger in the hallway is and we &apos;re going to be a little bit of the time .
i was sure 20 before i first went to an art museum .
i thought , okay , you &apos;ve got some criteria like you want to choose the works .
it &apos;s not photoshop .
they &apos;re interested in creating a novel , alternatives , and they needed money for doing so , so they decided to make some interesting fundraising projects .
this project is called &quot; the &quot; shhh . &quot;
and so we went to the grave and we did this , it was hilarious -- the attention we got .
and she describes how the most important thing -- everything you say is because of the most violent fruit .
he &apos;s a very fond of the aboriginal world , and he &apos;s also an artist .
it &apos;s linked to origami . so it &apos;s going .
people used mathematical principles to understand the underlying rules .
or they &apos;re going to take it on the top and do 50 stars on a flag with 13 stripes .
how would you make a single flap ?
we found these rules with which you put circles on the ground , you put the color lines with lines , the extra rules that obey the pattern .
you can do a lot of things .
but , if you want to make it bigger , you could need something origami .
and that doesn &apos;t matter whether you &apos;re going to space or whether you &apos;re going to a body .
i grew up in a state of washington in the state of washington with too much time .
we only have three minutes . but we &apos;re talking about hours of talking about it .
and so i want to talk about that because if we don &apos;t recognize it , this transformation will be very painful .
and in a moment , i &apos;m going to show you a graph , and what you &apos;re going to see in the graph -- it starts in 1973 , just before the women start to beat the labor market , and it goes on to the day .
you gave instructions from the top .
because i write about all this book , i still do , and i don &apos;t have any answer .
and that was very daunting for you .
there &apos;s no way that we have this information completely processed , and they come back to us in the form of culture , in this weird and some of the kinds of things where you can see that stereotypes change .
there &apos;s no man or a woman who &apos;s in the middle and it &apos;s the cables to the altar .
so , with the personal income , the personal income that was kept in order to consider inflation , in this time more than doubled , it has almost tripled .
and to hear me , and to understand what i say , you need about 60 bits per second .
it &apos;s going to happen , so in the last book of me called &quot; good business , &quot; i interviewed some ceo that were very successful from her environment as a very successful and very ethical , with great social sense .
control is always a safe thing , because you feel in your mind , but not very useful .
&quot; where are you born , grew up and went to school ? &quot;
because when my grandparents were born , they had their own meaning for what home is , they had their meaning for community , and even for hostility , which was made of birth to them . they didn &apos;t really have the possibility to go beyond .
more and more people are in the future , or present , as in the past .
i went down to the room where i should sleep .
so , the main thing is , where is home ?
there was a big gap between one billion in the industrialized countries and the two billion in the developing world .
but that &apos;s the world we have today . no gap .
and let me show you why , by the end of the sun , digital technology .
the children &apos;s survival is the new green .
and again , they were better than we said , &quot; your brits and your mortality rate is shocking . &quot;
but if you give people a lot of people , you don &apos;t change the high number of heart disease .
and i immediately started working with the work of work , and then they grew up , and then i worked with a lot of time -- mice that couldn &apos;t produce the gene .
one of the subjects was my mother-in-law , and of course i don &apos;t know how old she is .
if you could be in the summer , you could be equally good at the equator .
certainly many advances , many of the things that live .
this is actually real photography , the time that shows that the limb is going to regenerate within a few days .
and here you see , on the right , what &apos;s happening six months later , which is technically appropriate to the average .
a blood vessel is made of two different types of cell cell .
we then put it back into this oven-like device .
much more complex organs . with the most complex solid organs , the most complex solid organs are the high water organs , like heart , liver and kidneys .
this is still in the middle of the world .
we prefer cells that are not going to reject and not form tumors .
we only need five seconds .
for every problem out there , anybody would have an idea .
so i &apos;m just in panic -- unlike all of the marshall and sugar , which i had -- but this is really an entrepreneur that &apos;s really really scary .
that doesn &apos;t mean you have to visit a more of a business .
i went from door to door and sold license license .
it &apos;s like a recession . so , there &apos;s a recession .
and you would do this chairs .
this is pointless . &quot; you have to find a way to get faster to money .
i sold a lot of iowa .
they don &apos;t get regular income , but they have the opportunity to find more tasks and they learn to learn the ability to find the capacity , and they also learn the ability to find more possibilities .
if you go to a restaurant and you &apos;re doing bad , you &apos;ll show you how bad customer service looks like .
these young , thai .
the development of today &apos;s students is all the interests of the world to throw out .
the most important thing about the computer of the computer or a cultural scientist is taking out of cultural health &apos;s most of our students .
the values of the past are also being slaughtered . that &apos;s what every amount of society is going to do .
but it &apos;s a policy of principles , not the most important .
they have a mind . and they have other people .
what we should be concerned about when we think about conservatives -- except this case of the 1980s -- what &apos;s going on is this : they go to church .
yeah , i know you don &apos;t really believe me .
and that doesn &apos;t just lead to another outcome , it has the potential to change how we deal with each other .
completely different .
actually , this is not a right organization , but clearly -- let me finish this -- creative commons offers authors a simple way to leave their content with the freedoms that they want to leave them .
john mccain .
and i wonder how often this happens .
he told me that he was the most cosmopolitan and then said , &quot; there &apos;s a snake in the next room , and we &apos;re going to be there now . &quot;
so , for today , i had the idea that i &apos;m going to run them through this process and show them how this journey looks like this .
and the hospital and general electric were also happy .
i was surviving , just to understand it .
i &apos;m always going to ask people , &quot; is it really possible to use these microbial ecosystems to our advantage ? &quot;
another way of how microbes can spread is through the people . architects like to put spaces together like the human interaction , to be able to promote the human interaction or the exchange of ideas in the city of the ideas .
imagine a design that takes the microbes to take account , for example , in the airplane or on a phone .
and nobody knew about it .
my company , the company , built a system called the guide for the apple macintosh .
in 1992 , his essay was rejected by the most violent .
and greenpeace wanted to do this , and a method that you wanted to do , and one of these humpback whales was a little bit of a plastic factory .
on 78 percent of the voices . to give you a sense of the most powerful victory , it &apos;s made two percent in the world &apos;s office .
and the last message i want to share with you is : you can be pretty successful online .
i think i don &apos;t need to explain what a big privilege it is to stand before you .
this is the school that was built with the community .
something that we have in gando are the most powerful .
just like that .
good morning . magic is a great way to be able to predict the most powerful , to make the science of tomorrow , which is really going to be able to get the science tomorrow .
there &apos;s the color red and the color black , they &apos;re going to be the extra shift of day .
voice : why not ? this is a very good piece .
this is an illusion .
so this is china , a civilization-state , and not so much a nation-state .
but you can &apos;t lead a country like china , a civilization-state , on the ground of a civilization .
and the reason is , first of all , the state in china gets a very special -- enjoy a very special value than the representative , the embodiment and the chief of chinese civilization , the most sacred and the chief of chinese civilization .
he was in &apos; 92 , in the 1992 , in the city of shanghai and shanghai .
we &apos;ve seen this in terms of the easy -- the position of the position of the brain &apos;s position -- or the ipcc .
he goes on a street on the tracks , and the cars drive underneath .
red = drums of blue blue = green = orange = orange = orange = the root of the world &apos;s land .
and the first song was on english , the second was chinese .
she was her song .
i made it , i wrote my name everywhere , used the city as a canvas .
i mean , these were the faces of my friends .
they all accepted that their image would be initiated next to each other .
&quot; you mean , you &apos;re a little bit of a face face -- that &apos;s a face , right here ? &quot;
and most places i went to , i decided to go to the media because i had heard about them in the media .
i took more pictures and we launched the project .
are you an ngo ? are you from the media ? &quot;
so the roofs were hit , a woman , &quot; now , i can see god . &quot;
because this is a big part of it . there &apos;s layers behind each photograph .
but they basically took me a promise .
or , &quot; how can we help . &quot;
if i think about the mesh and what it &apos;s going to drive , why it &apos;s happening now , i think there are some factors that i want to give you as a maker .
they have caused a trend .
zipcar started a decade earlier , in 2000 .
it challenges to participate . cities have been welcome to all sorts of different ways .
it &apos;s very inexpensive , and it &apos;s very , very &quot; adorable . &quot;
the last 40 years were extraordinary times .
and miniaturization .
that would produce a significant amount of innovation .
it &apos;s vital that at ted , ideas , ideas that we think are going on , and we &apos;re looking at sure that this is a particularly great century , and not one of the most beautiful and a half of the world &apos;s and a family of the street .
my left family are boring academics who are concerned with collecting the management of the world &apos;s rights .
i said , &quot; i &apos;m here to meet the prime minister . &quot;
i thought he was crazy , but something really remained stuck .
i was sitting in the audience , like you &apos;re here .
this is another picture .
since netra , my career has been brought up , and i &apos;ve been getting a lot of success .
i started exploring the most popular of human psyche .
this time i said , let &apos;s try something else .
so i said , &quot; okay . &quot;
sw : much better . einstein is very honored to be here at ted 2006 in the last 2006 , and actually it &apos;s very excited .
it would be very dangerous if you fall down .
sw : no , i don &apos;t have a problem . you have the problem , you remember ?
sw : big finish .
sw : what about a computer of a football ?
my parents found this important for their inner quiet .
if i have a talent , it &apos;s things that i have to be afraid of , which i have been scared of .
the body has higher density than the water , at least 95 percent of the body comes from itself .
and this is going to be very far .
i asked him what that means .
and so , you can see , if you want to , if you want to get multiple languages and take it , you can take it to each other .
and she looked up to me and said , &quot; well , that &apos;s better . &quot;
i think they agree with me that they look very good .
and so far , we &apos;ve done tests with 50,000 students , so that , half a dozen schools built , my readers , by the way .
we found out -- and we were pretty much wrong with a lot of things , and then we found it -- but we found that the young people loved it .
geoff blakley : a little introduction to the most successful
and finally , the only person who &apos;s going to step forward , a young shepherd , and he goes to saul and says , &quot; i &apos;m going to fight him . &quot;
there &apos;s the cavalry , men on horses and with a lot of water .
goliath is light prey . it doesn &apos;t have a chance .
so goliath is more than a long time than the time of time , and usually there &apos;s an explanation for that when someone is so far outside the norm .
and i think that there &apos;s a very important lesson for all of us .
and it turns out we &apos;re covered by a computer of a , and these microbes are mostly good , instead of killing us .
they have all the microbes , and they put the small in the receiver .
most pills , or the most expensive , you can eat , or two , maybe five species , and the human community has thousands of species .
we need a more sophisticated for the microbes that live in and on people , so we can understand what they &apos;re doing to our lives .
very many people think about the internet very much on english , but for us , it &apos;s really global . we &apos;re in many , many languages .
when you saw it a ridiculous change on the side of me , they thought that it would just be easy to be in rubbish .
it &apos;s a social concept of cooperation , so we don &apos;t talk much about truth and objectivity .
and we have 40 more , 40 percent of the world .
it &apos;s not a perfect rule but it &apos;s enough for the beginning .
and i always like to say that you &apos;re also the only person who actually knows all the rules of wikipedia , so ...
it seems to me when most textbooks are used to be used to education from nature , from nature .
in the jungle , in guatemala , in the jungle , a temple is .
not a well-known indian indian indian in the year of a year , told it to a missionary , and here it is .
it &apos;s far under your cognitive health system .
we also found activity in other areas -- in brain areas that are associated with computation and loss .
i have a friend that &apos;s just a terrible thing to do .
and i said , i don &apos;t know .
we &apos;re turning each other , and we keep our appearance &quot; wiring &quot; and we &apos;re talking .
tools like dongguan , knives , admiration or the other , which i had fired in a towel .
i had looked for a long time , and i had never looked at my way up .
in some of the cases , they put tools , about sponges to the most cosmopolitan .
so dolphins can be able to get out of the distance and tickle themselves from the distance .
look how they synchronize with their partner and the other of the other .
but we found out that free dolphins don &apos;t just depend on a boat on a keyboard .
this dolphin we called &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; you &apos;re about 12 , &quot; because it &apos;s about 12 .
but while we &apos;re doing their natural sounds , we also plan to bring this back into the computer system .
and the word is invented .
there &apos;s yves rossy .
and especially if you &apos;re in the middle of the world , you have the feeling to fly .
yr : i just try to be fit .
i may have used 20 times in the last 15 years -- never with this kind of wing , but at the beginning .
we don &apos;t say that to your employer .
but it was up to the top of the road and full of cacti .
and wondering , what you might see , what you saw , would be to explain what you saw by invisible powers .
because this event was the scientific revolution since the knowledge of our knowledge of the physical world , and how we can adapt to our needs , it &apos;s going to be understood .
by the way , why don &apos;t we do that ?
your name is based on assumptions ; our on the bible . &quot;
there &apos;s something like a kind of a story of a story .
and only if an explanation is good , it &apos;s also important that you can check them .
glasses are not very expensive . they &apos;re pretty abundant .
it &apos;s about 30,000 of them right now .
what is minto for a place ?
the new festival challenges the audience , a crucial role in design of performance .
she had met with other people to look at &quot; the sultan &apos;s elephant , &quot; and it did all the time . &quot;
&quot; no , no , that &apos;s good . &quot; first doctor : &quot; is you dizzy ? &quot;
i thought my career was over .
this is a bear where i sat on the rock for a while .
this is a piece of ice ice ice , it &apos;s 12 years old .
i &apos;m going to show you images today of the ted , and the polar bears and polar bears and leopard seals and leopard seals , but this picture is more than any other thing i &apos;ve ever done .
people said , &quot; we knew they &apos;re malignant . we knew it . &quot;
and this seal took the penguin in the head and she shook him up and forth .
she swam away , started a penguin .
she tried to get my camera out , which is the dream of one every photographers .
paul collier : stories from a laser interview
now , open your eyes .
do you have a ring ?
you &apos;re going to focus on this task .
joe , we &apos;re doing this so long until you &apos;re wiping it out .
funny , yes , we have a little man , a little bit of a man , working up there , and it &apos;s all the day .
as i said , it shapes her reality .
first of all , we worked together , and ushahidi , and developing it .
a call in the united states , after canada , or china , five main dollars , or the u.s. dollars .
it &apos;s built up , so you can also connect a more sophisticated and more remote place to be more remote .
and the building has been higher and bigger our technology , so that the mechanical systems were enormous , so that the mechanical systems have been enormous .
imagine two americans traveling together through italy .
please raise all the people who are liberal .
the best definition of the &quot; i know &quot; -- she explains so much -- comes from the freudian gary brian .
he makes us very , very old shoots .
but look at the other three lines .
aren &apos;t that easy to be the foundation of the foundations and the internet and the internet services ?
she went upward and kept on .
and they say , &quot; hold your laws away from my body . &quot;
and we have the signs of the right , the right , the liberals , the liberals , and both work together .
and so the answer is , i think , to use this passionate commitment to truth and try to turn them into a better future for all of us .
but if you react to a lot of other people in the environment , the innocent , but also hurt -- the military would not like to talk about damage .
we look at something else , &quot; and apparently , it didn &apos;t seem to be very much like the situations that were really very noisy .
is there anybody a commandment , how often if you think about how it was introduced , how often the police in queensland was given to the time in queensland ?
there was only a few people shot in this incident .
it &apos;s 72 and it looks like this is the kind of the most powerful way to deal with it .
and if you &apos;re to use it , people will give you a little bit of people , but they shouldn &apos;t make a memorable damage . &quot;
we started organizing makers in our &quot; maker fair . &quot;
and the more fun , little billy bass , or something like that .
and i &apos;ll tell you more about it , but just ...
but he also moved here to other people who did the same as he did .
this is &quot; the &quot; shhh . &quot;
and we need to bring that into the schools , or in the communities , many , many ways -- the ability to build the world around us and form .
there &apos;s the glamour of physics .
and in fact , we see these miniature photos of stars that are all the time -- they call them a little bit of time .
it doesn &apos;t look about a way of looking at it , but you have to be mentally mentally aware of the world .
stairs , which is a wind of a wind winds , are glamorous .
but it &apos;s always going to give you the illusion that if you buy this lamp , you will be living in a world without wires .
the perfect thing -- it &apos;s due to the perfect chain , with the perfect chain of the perfect .
because glamour can be very supportive and deceptively .
but i also knew how hard she worked for the whole week .
i did this a lot of strangers .
i heard about women who were being harassed in their beds , or in their homes , like dead left left on parking parking , burned in their kitchens .
then i got cancer -- or i found that i had cancer .
my friend was doing this big bowl and i asked her , &quot; what is this ? &quot;
it was for me , and a loving sister , and a loving sister .
because we &apos;re all so bad , we &apos;re so bad to imagine the inner experience of our fellow beings and their secret intentions . &quot;
children need a long time to master the system .
rs : whoa . now joshua &apos;s going to get to get something to drink .
rs : should ivan get in trouble ?
and you have it in the coffee of your friend .
first of all , i &apos;m going to prove you that it &apos;s a kind of a business problem .
please tell me that you don &apos;t have a lot of time , if you say , the pentagon calls the pentagon .
but why do you have to feel anything ?
and it was , you know , you know , a class for a while .
and second , is it possible , or is it even obscure , slow down ?
they want to go back to a slow rhythm .
and norway , sweden , denmark and finland are under the six of the world &apos;s six countries in the world and work for hours where the average americans would cry envy .
but the new idea that &apos;s revolutionary idea is that there &apos;s also something like &quot; good slow . &quot;
i &apos;m sure the main story of a computer problem on my ted book was , it was a little bit of me , because they were so slow and i wanted to be done quickly .
and so everything took his beginning , and they said , &quot; you can &apos;t build everything on an island ; you have to stay on the bank , because we don &apos;t want to go from the community . &quot;
i worked on months and i didn &apos;t work with it because i felt that people who came out of the historical museum are already filled with information , and if they &apos;re still a museum with information , they wouldn &apos;t process that anymore .
when i flew back home , the most popular thing was planned .
but you see the uniqueness of the environment .
moshe doyle : building the uniqueness of uniqueness
and if christian played a note -- play a f.
so in jazz , the most amazing thing is absolutely amazing .
it &apos;s not about my vision , or something like that .
am i interested in ? i exist for you ?
they had to go a lot of time to come here .
in summer , india is going to be extremely hot .
and the adult animal , which is coming , is still alive or two months .
i didn &apos;t know that , but i know it today . these are hundreds of species of marine species .
this was a little curious to me . i &apos;m going to hear you , because i want to ask you . and here &apos;s a lot of people who have spent -- of course , people who spent their childhood here .
so , next , i was going to the phone .
october , november , december . this is not the time of the northeast monsoon .
okay , they put their eggs at the time of the seasonal rains , while the most seasonal .
last week , it &apos;s got a lot of time . the most common , and now it &apos;s raining there .
a pretty incredible animal system .
incredible . this is the most amazing journey of a computer race at all . a pretty incredible journey .
i made this out of my life .
and everybody thought i &apos;d be good . but on the new terrain , i was terrible . people said , &quot; oh , he &apos;s -- oh , what &apos;s happened with the otaku ? &quot;
and i looked at my surgery at night , and i asked myself , &quot; how do i do that ? &quot;
next -- oh , pay attention . these guys are the community .
so i was pretty successful . and if you &apos;ve done all this , what &apos;s it going to drive ? i have told you about the most important and other things , but what drives a handle ?
my last tedtalk , about seven years ago .
but carl norden really has cracked the code .
whenever the norden bombsight gets brought into an airplane , it &apos;s accompanied by a series of an individual .
the chemical plant is on three square miles .
after the war was over , there was a review of reference -- like the army , the air force , the air force , and they asked the question : how many of the things we have actually destroyed ?
i &apos;ve described the opposite of a success story .
a walk in a city or a journey of this journey is shown in the human species in an amazing way .
we ask the human ancestry .
but what data is the statements ?
imagine that you have to convey .
it was a africans who &apos;s based on global diversity of the world &apos;s diversity .
the sahara was much bigger than today .
people who are committed to killing animals that they were getting into the most remote , moved north and followed about 45,000 years ago , and they followed the grasslands in the middle east in a rare east phase of the sahara .
the genome project , the main genome project on mars .
we know deep in our hearts that the universe doesn &apos;t move from mush to complexity .
so here we go .
what you see here is the blue areas of a million degrees cooler than the red areas .
the smaller distances than gravity works , which explains why they and i are smaller than the stars and planets .
they &apos;re familiar with the double helix of dna .
let me explain why .
in the last 200 years , something else happened .
you might ask yourself , &quot; what &apos;s the talk ? &quot;
we &apos;re not so good if it &apos;s about insurance insurance .
and then you have to decide how you invest in your 52 choices , and you never heard of a car .
at least a wonderful study has predicted .
but if you get the driver &apos;s license , you cross the box , if you don &apos;t want to donate the organs .
the other group gets two apples , one will taken .
save more tomorrow , it &apos;s just doing it .
that &apos;s just one example .
it &apos;s a song about a so-called called a creature , a creature that mimics a creature that is a creature that mimics a creature .
hello , who is there , please ?
thank you .
knowledge has too much influence on the life experience .
i &apos;m trying to get time to go .
so what did i do ?
we invent stories to explain our existence .
so what did they do ? they sent her walter raleigh to separate their human part of their divine part of their divine part .
you &apos;re a kid ?
elizabeth : get out ! get out ! get out ! get out !
i went to visit a friend of mine and he &apos;d wait me in his apartment in his apartment in the 20th hill in the 20th floor , a really rich area in mumbai .
everything is a contradiction .
we lived from less than a dollar day -- about 15 years .
and you have to use nuts from the rainforests to show that forests are more worth than the forests of the forest . &quot;
he said , &quot; you can &apos;t wake up a person who says to sleep . &quot;
but it &apos;s not just about people ; it &apos;s about lifestyle change .
if you should be sustainable , if you &apos;re going to be sustainable , how can we do this ?
coke has to work with pepsi .
these are nine of them .
at the end , we had , i think , 60 percent of the world &apos;s production and 25 percent of the world &apos;s population .
that &apos;s not irrelevant .
but they don &apos;t just buy the juice ; they also buy carbon in the trees to overcome the water of the water , which is going to be going to send the product to europe .
so the communication is interrupted between brain and spinal cord , and this leads to a full and permanent paralysis of the leg .
after a few years , it &apos;s been made to develop a electrochemical reserve that &apos;s a system of the spinal cord that &apos;s a sleeping system in a refrigerator .
we &apos;ve worked hard for 10 years to get this goal .
after a few weeks , we put a programmable pump to inject a individual individual cell directly into the spinal cord .
and i was a kid of the training class .
he talked about the world , as she is , &quot; and the world , as you should be . &quot;
and by doing that , these women are doing many obstacles from the way .
in the white house , and the desk he &apos;s sitting on is called &quot; the &quot; shhh &quot; .
the last day , the woman who was there to do everything , and we talked about each other , and suddenly she said to me , &quot; would you sing me ? &quot;
for this , this is a quantum field of a voice that &apos;s a voice of the voice , because it &apos;s mysterious -- it &apos;s totally spontaneously , and it &apos;s originally .
they didn &apos;t have anything .
so the internet needs the internet and instructions .
one of the most popular websites in the world that &apos;s run by the most powerful company in the world , and there was nothing , and there was nothing youtube or google .
and today wikipedia is so ubiquitous that you can even find them on the cards of restaurants in china .
and that has understood wikipedia .
this is a blog that &apos;s a blog that &apos;s devoted to a little bit of a sudden .
why ? there &apos;s a long-term game at a time .
the world didn &apos;t end in the &apos; 90s .
and we see that the impact of the ecosystem in some countries are very , very strong .
all of this costs money .
and it was done much to give students to the mit or socially weak families that are the same opportunity .
how are schools going to be represented in the media ?
in bureaucratic systems , teachers are left in the classes alone , and they have a lot of time to keep themselves on a lot of time .
some people say that the change of the world &apos;s change is a bit like a more powerful one .
but if you look at the issue of this perspective , you see what happened in the last 60 years .
and i went around the morning about 15 miles to get the most of the time .
so this was obviously a very clear device .
we could also do that with phones .
so a business is going to happen .
&quot; the government must provide economically services . &quot;
it was once , long ago , when i was 24 years old , i was at the time at st. john &apos;s medical college in bangalore .
and you can see my card when i &apos;m here .
and i also bring a invention .
now we &apos;re in the 1930s , and you see japan is going through a time of war , lower life expectancy .
and they decided to invest not only in health and education , but also started to grow the economy .
washington , d.c. went out .
not the bubble , not my bubbles , but the financial bubble .
will the rich countries really accept a completely altered global economy , and the power transition of where they were over the last 50 to 150 years , was back to asia ?
the rest of the diagram is a very mysterious substance called &quot; dark energy . &quot;
but that explains the presence of all the mass .
and now you pay attention to the fact that we live in a three-dimensional universe -- a three-dimensional space .
again , this is a kind of a kind of conceptual model of what &apos;s going on during the field of the brain .
they move away from each other because the space is getting bigger .
by looking at things like clusters of galaxies -- their favorite , as many of you are as a function of time -- we can bring in experience , which is dark matter and dark energy in the competition to form structures .
the big questions in physics .
sleepy you banjo boys : new jersey -- new jersey ?
so recycling and recycling are the ones here .
marc blakley : 1.3 million reasons to reinvent the
and in fact , there was this change in gay men in the united states during the 1980s .
it &apos;s a disease that kills a lot of adults in africa , and also many children .
in uganda , we see that the prevalence of the prevalence .
it &apos;s very similar to the very similar thing .
but openness and connection has a price when we think about diseases . that should not be a surprise .
coffee is uganda &apos;s communication .
emily ornish &apos;s still studied aids in africa from an economic perspective and comes to a surprising conclusion : all our knowledge about the spread of hiv on the continent is wrong .
but i was fascinated by this , because i watched this kind of kind of high-tech italian art company .
he was called &quot; the &quot; cat &apos;s &quot; , &quot; and he &apos;s called the &quot; the front of the day , &quot; but every time he was driving in a tunnel , he built a joint of a tunnel .
these bumps are going to work on the water like a magnet .
then we ask ourselves why the membrane is clogged and why it takes so much electricity .
for example , in the most violent of the world &apos;s office , in a material .
in the street of the computer , my favorite , work , we work with the most powerful architect .
janine benyus : biomimicry in the use of using
&quot; yes , but why ? &quot;
we were four , not one , and fortunately , not a young one .
you can &apos;t do anything about it .
it &apos;s never going to happen in india , because it was now and never again .
they said , &quot; yes . &quot; i said , &quot; well , let &apos;s say , &quot; well , let &apos;s pray . &quot;
this was a very , very 1,000 for over 1,000 inmates in this prison .
second , it &apos;s about the most important movement in india .
now let me tell you about a project that we did a few years later , a kind of captcha of captcha .
and basically , you &apos;re doing it by starting with an old book .
the number of pages that the recaptcha are actually using is so high that the number of words we digitize a day is very , very big .
some are more fun .
and the web is divided into several languages .
then my favorite question comes from the question .
there &apos;s a way to beat two flies with a beat .
but what perhaps more surprising is that the translations we get from the most sophisticated , even if you &apos;re just a beginner who we &apos;re getting , the translations of the professional , and that &apos;s very surprising .
there are people who are learning as they &apos;re learning , they don &apos;t have to pay with money , they pay with their time .
the commodity side , the company , makes it , what you really can do .
and the active participation to build is all other than normal .
and zipcar provides a very depressing , highly depressing service that works fabulous .
for aristotle , happiness was the highest good thing to do , the goal of everything else .
maybe these people are right . his thoughts , he &apos;s not good .
ten percent of the time , the thoughts of the time -- ... sex .
i played the violent african , the african terrorists .
now , from the first time , no clearer was made of a separate conclusion -- so nobody had the absolute majority -- so the elections were continued to continue three weeks later .
now , here &apos;s an interesting comparison .
so i moved to la jolla , and i learned surfing .
people in the 17th century didn &apos;t really have much known as we think that this stuff is a bunch of different molecules , and that we &apos;re looking for it from a certain reason and so .
and so , charles , i said , i &apos;ll give you money to give you a building , and you can meet you there , but you don &apos;t talk about religion .
reality is what you can see .
i thought everybody with a little understood that would do this .
just to see what would happen if you mix the two together .
so i have something that &apos;s not personally .
if you want to be rich today , entrepreneurs will be .
they say , if you measure the temperature of the atmosphere , it &apos;s not going to go -- it &apos;s not going to go up at all . we &apos;re very careful about the satellite for 20 years , and it &apos;s not going to be on .
spencer kary mullis talks about the foundation of modern science : the experiment . he tells stories from the 17th century and from his own family in the garden and the curiosity , inspiration and care good science in all their shapes .
i wanted to represent a very simple way of living a living body that &apos;s occupied this kind of thing .
&quot; naked city &quot; is a nickname for new york and &quot; the &quot; &quot; the city &quot; and the most powerful , which is made out of the feeling of the world &apos;s sense of the urban environment .
i love traveling , and berlin has become one of my favorite things .
and the whole time i haven &apos;t seen a single rat on some of these places until recently , when i was in the london channels .
the first question is , and maybe they write them on a sheet , physically , or on a virtual slate in their head , and , for audiences , you can try that , and you can try that .
and we then break , &quot; we &apos;re the best scientific college in the world , &quot; because of our british hubris .
except , that -- you &apos;re going to be -- well , you &apos;re going to have -- you know , &quot; hmm , what happens during the night ? &quot;
and one of the most difficult problems is , if people have a sense of how everything works , it &apos;s pretty difficult to change this .
and as an expert for inorganic chemistry , i have friends and colleagues who differ between the organic , living world and the inorganic world .
and you can see , he &apos;s lying , he &apos;s growing , growing in a way .
we even have amazing life forms that we can manipulate .
and darwin himself asked a letter to a colleague that was probably done in a warm small pond , and maybe in a warm small pond -- maybe not in scotland , maybe somewhere else .
what is life ? what is this stuff of life ?
and we can connect them and literally create thousands and thousands of really large molecules , in the same size as dna and proteins , but it &apos;s not carbon in view .
we want to put them in the environment and we want them to get their energy from the sun .
and i think if we can create inorganic biology and can make matter , then it will define life .
but there &apos;s another reason why i like this development , every single one of them is going to measure .
and these are high professional female interviewer who sit in an hour for a woman and ask them to ask her to ask her .
i was sitting on friday really before my computer , and i could see how the mortality rate was on this morning from claes .
as you know , these economists love the money , they want to always be more and more of them .
as you can see , it doesn &apos;t make sense to measure an average of an improvement that wasn &apos;t and that very fast progress .
but you don &apos;t talk about it as much .
in which there were high , or very high , child mortality and families were very large , six to eight .
here &apos;s also a branch .
whatever remains is worth money .
yeah , i went barefoot , until i was 12 .
and he told them , &quot; imagine the most important thing in question .
the whole time was a border of doing .
and the way to think about it , the world will get forward , will make a difference , not just for some , but for everyone .
... above the knee , yes , that would be hard ...
the most important -- it took about 10 years and 700 million dollars .
he said , &quot; the earth is enough to satisfy everybody needs , but not everybody greed .
and babies die .
i went to high school .
when i was on the council of scientific industry research -- 40 labs -- if two of them were not talking to each other , i built teams .
they &apos;ve been asking , and now i have apps in the app app .
it &apos;s about perfect to perfect and something old to the 21st century .
it &apos;s still very hot , but not more of it .
but there &apos;s not a lot of pressure that &apos;s not under high pressure , and it &apos;s not so reactive , that means that the most important thing is that the reactor is not going to leave the reactor .
i &apos;m convinced that the reactor i &apos;ve designed here is an innovative energy source that is going to be great scientific projects with electricity and i &apos;m really willing to do this .
we &apos;re moving to a study model where the experience is the actual product .
there &apos;s a manufacturer of the world &apos;s business that &apos;s going to be in the forest .
at the end of a long time , good advice that he &apos;s got to be a son , he says , &quot; especially , is the most important thing to do against you , &quot; especially .
you don &apos;t normally go in los angeles , but there &apos;s a place where you can walk a lot , out in this city .
then they &apos;re going to be wrong when they &apos;re wrong , using properties that they don &apos;t have .
when i was small , i was very introverted and stayed for me .
then it was just about starting to start and then build them to the end .
so i made it out concrete , because it doesn &apos;t matter .
this was this tool .
and for me , this is the most important thing . because since i was a kid , i wanted to convey my passion and love .
25 days : the ventricles is 32 days : poor and hands are going to be 36 days : the primitive spine starts to train this weeks , the fetus is going to be able to develop the fastest time .
the complexity , this in a single system , is again beyond understanding or any of the math today .
because apparently , there &apos;s no unstable in the atmosphere of sun-like stars in the atmosphere of sun-like stars .
so what can you do with these spectra ?
recently , a colleague sent me from berkeley , a colleague of berkeley , a email with a very interesting spectrum and asked , &quot; can you look at this ? &quot;
there are two ways -- about the design of the stars and the stars -- on the matter of the matter and chemical elements in the universe and being parked .
because you can imagine that everything is going to be more inclusive ?
now imagine a object , an incredible object , or something that we can &apos;t explain and we &apos;re just standing on and say , &quot; we &apos;re going to do physics . physics doesn &apos;t work . &quot;
and if we see the oxygen , and oxygen , i think , we have the perfect e.t. .
i just said , &quot; really ? &quot; and he said , &quot; absolutely . &quot;
what i can tell you about is universal ; we all have them .
i &apos;m slightly hooked on the street , but that &apos;s another talk .
this led to a little breakdown -- -- actually , that was rather like this .
and i said , &quot; but the thing is , no , no , no , no , no , no . &quot;
what are you feeling vulnerable to ? &quot;
i &apos;m right , you don &apos;t have right . shut out .
we do that as if that &apos;s what we do , not a impact on other people .
people are eating their meals in twitter , the figs of their children on the iphone .
so if we think about it , to make systematic improvements , we also think about how they can be useful to our own health care system , for our environmental and self-awareness .
and today i want to talk about one of the things that we decided to do then , because we wanted to find a new access to health care .
so steven shares his story . but he &apos;s not alone .
here &apos;s why people pray .
i also love this kind of thing , also , that was the only one that was online , and they were available online .
and here we have a paper .
you don &apos;t have any data , you don &apos;t have data , that &apos;s not going to be a scientific methods .
this is the curve over the world &apos;s surface .
but my brother didn &apos;t go to him .
if we went from here to the ted system , we would be able to get on something that 300 meters high , 120 miles wide , and that &apos;s two horsepower wide , and that &apos;s two gigatons .
to change the state , you only need two volts of a laser .
we said , &quot; can you build that ? &quot;
we can do better .
but there &apos;s a fascinating solution that comes from the so-called so-called the so-called .
so , the other thing is networks are ideals of complex systems .
and it also has implications to the system systems .
so we could put a team of a dna in the way that we could put a team of a team .
we see the emergence of the creation and the programs that are focused on understanding our wired world from the standpoint of complexity .
and the capacity to have a capacity with a nuclear capacity with a drug tool -- except you use expensive pumps and valves .
and we had 500 of these profiles .
without human health .
so we were up on our own side of our field .
and this graph doesn &apos;t even mean something that &apos;s invented data .
and my brain starts to think very quickly that this is a kind of a representation of negative to positive in the world .
because this question is that our external world can predict our own world &apos;s own world , but the truth is that i can only predict 10 percent of the person &apos;s worth of influence if i &apos;m going to get rid of all the external world .
and this is from two reasons , and it &apos;s wrong with it .
we &apos;re moving people when they open their own , a positive email of the computer , or the most of the time in their social environment .
hard to say -- a more powerful , you understand -- my father was the most prolific man on the world .
and so i went . i went to mit .
they said , &quot; stop it . &quot;
they take a huge disk from cardboard .
he was the first digital media media in tokyo .
listen to this ? how cows ? this is in the morning 4 a.m.
so there are all these things to do , but most love i do , to taste the world .
and i was trying to do that with passion .
their culture is not coming in schools , and i want to illustrate ways to overcome this problem .
that &apos;s why it makes you nervous because girls don &apos;t want to go to schools where there are no boys .
and over little moments in my life .
or mothers who were raised to have the young ?
we need to change the posture of boys in elementary school .
and you have the impression that you think that &apos;s okay .
let &apos;s see where this hypothesis is going to be .
is this a problem ? yes , a big problem .
we believe that we can give these &quot; why &quot; questions about the fundamental principles of nature .
i &apos;m going to try and do that at the end , and i &apos;m also excited if it works .
and that was really a important lesson for me that you can &apos;t really act in an object .
so , for example , we created a newspaper , a normal newspaper .
it &apos;s connected to my ipad , and it &apos;s a software that &apos;s going on on the ipad .
it &apos;s a digital sculpture , so i wanted to add a computer company , so i added them to a computer , so that people in the glass are responding to different , if you &apos;re going to get it up .
i &apos;m going to turn into a man in a middle of the middle of my current age , and then in an old man .
at 110 extra , they were allowed .
radio : what do you think about it ?
just fold the wings together and drive them on .
so i &apos;m going to ask you another question .
and he took a royal scholar , with a royal , who had instructions , and night , and night , but with the secret instruction , it doesn &apos;t really work very well .
because they found that the human behavior is more likely to be more powerful .
yet , we have to create a clear amount of energy , which is what you can create , and it &apos;s also a lot of fair .
now , if we all have these tools available to us , we just have to ask the question -- and thaler and the media and the way we use these smart ones .
they &apos;re leading the new consumer policy .
they give little , more powerful , recyclable water .
i felt passion , soul and heart , had left my body .
audience : no .
sb : no , not &quot; without &quot; without . &quot;
all around us , we can find a different replicator in this kind of different replicator in the culture of culture .
they probably bought them .
imagine the world full of brains and more memes than you &apos;re all there .
we are the only ones and the most sophisticated .
i think that &apos;s the wrong approach .
that was dangerous , but hello .
they use us to make the resource of the planet to produce more and more computers , and more amazing things that we hear here at ted .
and will we go through this third danger , how we &apos;ve been going to have the second and first ?
in collaboration with the -- that &apos;s the most powerful in haiti -- with the ministry of public health , with various different forms of energy , we inspected more than 1,500 buildings .
it &apos;s not going to cost us anymore if we do it right . &quot;
and because i had a burning of 70 percent of my body , it took about an hour .
we also found that it would have been good to me , and i would have given me a little bit of silence to recover from the pain .
and how bad would the punishment be , if i would get caught ?
it wasn &apos;t that the most popular people -- the ones who have more commandments -- less cheated and that the less religious -- those who could remember almost no commandments -- would have cheated .
so if you don &apos;t think about money , you don &apos;t think about money because you get a brand , does it make a difference ?
it &apos;s like this .
i think all of these forces have very bad effects on the stock market .
but you can believe me . i work in the commercial .
these are the most popular ones i can show you today .
and suddenly amazon becomes the brand and reduces with the death supply , defined how they want to spend their money , what money is and what it is .
maybe that seems to be a big leap ?
i don &apos;t have to explain it to the audience , and i had to explain it last week , i had to explain it to my girl -- skeletons are structures that are sperm from an individual to another .
and i knew that animals like the most cosmopolitan here , or even most animals don &apos;t stabilize their tissues by contract they &apos;re smoking on bones .
and that was that every skeleton that we found in nature had found the same thing that had the same kind of energy .
all i showed that was really surprised about this .
a funny song about global warming , jill sobule .
well , i guess i have to do it now .
all right , ok .
do we want to play a piece ?
and the main thing , the most powerful and the most powerful , are the benefits of a great education .
the most profound thing is that the most powerful thing about it , and ben became a more responsible .
so , on the ground , what is the area of this character ?
i was forced to leave my home , the democratic republic of congo , where i was a lot of time .
but remarkably , the united nations has estimated the wealth of the country on 24 trillion dollars .
but we &apos;re not the goal .
they have to be very inexpensive .
but could not be done for this angle of the labor market ?
they were asking by governments , and they have a lot of cases , and they have them .
but let &apos;s take our goal , the goal of bringing new economic action to the base of the pyramid .
because they need a whole bunch of these little transactions to make their profits .
he liked to sit on her lap because he said that it was painful to be in his own bed .
since the 1950s , sir , when sir , the british society and the british society thought that the sun seems to be .
so , what is fusion ? here &apos;s a little bit more .
and this energy is that it &apos;s burning fusion .
so , like a traditional power , it &apos;s a traditional power .
we need to make it a power station .
but it &apos;s the largest arab country , and it &apos;s also a great impact .
it was the most important thing that they wanted to do , but they were from all countries who were in the last month , who had been given their opinion to the last month , and they were only four percent .
but the expectations of people left their future .
so the question is , &quot; what drives the male support for women &apos;s rights ? &quot;
i promise you , she read the message .
nobody can listen to them , they just send a text .
you could see the immediate effects of laws , or the one of the most powerful speech on a computer level , and see what happens as a result .
the flight took 12 seconds and went over 35 .
this is unnatural for a rocket .
it weighs less than a computer .
from the smallest forces to the sheer forces of the world &apos;s storms .
we can afford to do it as individuals and we get hearing .
we believe that somebody else , somebody else , somebody &apos;s favorite , somebody &apos;s more likely to solve this problem .
we didn &apos;t flew it in the pacific .
it took 10 full prototypes until we had something that really flew .
and so there &apos;s a side of this incredible elation , which is possible , and this huge seriously what that means .
and let &apos;s think of our moral being .
and the director was quite enthusiastic and told me that he thought he was mad , and he said to me , &quot; this place is a facility . these guys are heavy offenders .
it took several of these events to me , until i figured out what i should do .
when i started with this program four years ago , my favorite plan was a design of the computer plan .
and you look down to the street , everything is so small and tiny .
i feel blessed and happy that i had the courage to give my head to the courage to live on the nyu , and back in my country , where i can get these incredible rides with this group of ethiopia , morocco and russia .
and how often would my self die before i understand that it hasn &apos;t existed from the beginning ?
and i was a really good dancer .
oddly , these findings don &apos;t mean my low self-esteem , this feeling of otherness .
that was because i didn &apos;t have myself , which was in between .
imagine what kind of existence we could have , if we honor the inevitable death of self , the privilege of life , and the privilege of what comes next .
and this is a cafe on the sea in the u.k.
but instead of looking at that , we focused on how we work .
we also discovered that as a kind of a structure of structure and a way of getting a way of getting through this structure , we would get a way of getting a place .
but we found that seeds -- this really important project , is that , instead of -- but that seeds -- in the leading botanical gardens are not going to be shown .
we worked with a computer company to develop a seed tag of the seed seed , so even if you &apos;re visually impaired , it &apos;s kind of like a kind of kind of thing that &apos;s kind of like a kind of friendly and soft , the piece of landscape that you see here .
it &apos;s actually just the first few pairs of instruction that you &apos;re aware of , and the rest is just for postcards .
the book is called &quot; the blank slate , &quot; the popular idea , because the human mind is a blank slate , and all its structure of his socialization , culture , education and experience .
well , there &apos;s a number of political reasons that they like to enjoy the people .
it &apos;s still not clear , by the way , whether these generalizations are fixed , but the most important thing seemed to be the most important thing .
another one of the humanities and the most vulnerable to universities , in many ways , are actually in decline .
well , the other hot iron is the parenting .
and i think you can &apos;t say that better .
i also call a fascination , just like this , just like this , and you don &apos;t like it , but you don &apos;t confirm it .
there &apos;s no script , there &apos;s no script , there &apos;s no nonsense .
he says , &quot; a day . &quot;
i don &apos;t like what i think right now . &quot;
oh , i live in a computer program -- that &apos;s strange .
so i asked myself what would happen if we challenge some of these online types of energy .
right ?
it &apos;s like -- we &apos;ve explained the war , as a society , every one of us .
your iphone without the people who make the same shell , same circuits , the same keyboard , always and again .
and then it became more powerful and heavy and now it &apos;s a long time for the pages .
and i said to brian , &quot; what did tony do ? &quot;
and i said , &quot; so , is it true that you &apos;re in this way ? &quot;
but how do you go to a very regular normal way ?
so all of the things that tony came up with was evidence of the way he was in the front of his clinician , that he was on this new kind of crazy way .
he came in failing businesses and the 30 percent of the workforce , and it turned out to be the american cities just like this .
and i added , &quot; i have a list of psychopathic features in my pocket .
and the jewelry are always the most remote aspects of the personality .
and that &apos;s what it was like two years ago , and that &apos;s where my book ended .
in fact , the trend went to the rest of the world .
and as a result of these conversations , it &apos;s very , very difficult to say , i represent the true islam . &quot;
it may be that a great war between east and west was going to be , and that it was in the framework of democracy against communism .
and even though the president , from the reasons , made it very , very well , really , really , really , really , really , really , really , is not the enemy of islam , there &apos;s nevertheless , a natural impulse to the other side of the other side .
when the treasure in 2000 , you just watched the peak of the best , the most popular people who had the scientists ever had to be able to have -- that at that point as endangered species .
the day after our arrived , two of us were going to be with the census of space 2 , and space two more than 4,000 oiled penguins .
we &apos;ve used this method in the treasure rescue .
and that &apos;s really important because the african penguin was explaining a year to an endangered species .
on the top row , on the top row , on the top of a hole , in the front of a computer , in the front of the police and even before the police station .
people are open to the most open .
we launched this campaign -- very fun -- &quot; every egg counts . &quot;
this is not a second class of the second grade .
these lessons came out of the world , abstract .
hillel hired himself to a leg and said , &quot; what &apos;s going on to you is not to do that , and that &apos;s the most powerful thing . the rest is the comments .
now , this is not the whole story .
and achilles takes a body &apos;s body and the hands of the father , and the two men see each other and see each other as divine .
this is what the cells really look at me in biology and science , which looks at living cells in the microscope .
every grain of sand has a size of a millimeter .
you can see these miniature patterns .
this picture was the beginning of the world &apos;s first .
we all look at the same thing from the inside , believe me .
the walls are 700 mm thick , solid concrete .
and that on the left is an x-ray .
it has human associations .
in x-ray , we see all the little bits of plastic in the corners .
i had to go to the car in the middle of the middle , for itself , not really simple .
yes , you &apos;ve given 12 monkeys for a week , and after this week , they just used them as a toilet .
science actually says that we will live forever .
no , i &apos;m going to get a tooth out .
for me , it &apos;s a very , very important thing .
thank you . goodbye .
where do we know that it &apos;s wrong ? maybe we &apos;re not paying ourselves .
not professor and effort , only two spirits , ready to get ready .
and then my life was okay .
everything i saw in the manufacturing was that there was real excitement between the most violent and the most important ones .
would it be time to process information ?
we spent a lot of time with this , a billion dollars , and they &apos;re going to be able to see a billion of the dollars that he was in , and what we found was shocking , but what we found was shocking , but later .
then there &apos;s dan etete .
we were upset that these shell companies had rapidly had their own business company , and the most important in london was very much more of it .
this is too complex and difficult to change it .
we &apos;re all going to die . we &apos;re all going to be old . we &apos;re all going to leave people .
there are places that you can &apos;t go to mind , you can &apos;t think of the worlds that you can &apos;t inhabit anymore .
they have a more powerful and freedom of that i believe that it &apos;s the foundation of a new computer system .
she made the decision to get no more sophisticated or a corporate , but their life is devoted to that that this is not happening any other girl .
we &apos;re all refugees .
but you &apos;re going to get me to this thing , and then it happens .
but this isn &apos;t what you do . &quot;
i miss michael .
he didn &apos;t find it , but he didn &apos;t think of his staff , but said , &quot; you &apos;re going to go to the rehab , or you &apos;re going to die . &quot;
ah ! we meet them , the secret beloved . let &apos;s pull out .
if it &apos;s on the box , which is the most powerful , it &apos;s the way it is .
the characteristics that the word is going to be able to address is so often in adults that we should eradicate this old word , if it comes to the age of being behavior , to criticize behavior with the most reliable and irrational thinking .
if i was the ability to get my sister back to 10 percent of the interest that i &apos;ve been struck by her last loan , i will be constrained by her ability to get more money from me to get it back .
it &apos;s why we don &apos;t live in the dark times .
and the third is all the sound we create people , the most powerful .
this is after selective growth .
there are many of the thylacines of soundscapes , among other people , like animals , and they taught us to dance and sing that i was going to be doing for another time .
so that was extremely embarrassing .
and if you wonder how much that is , this is 16 kb .
so 37 is our demographic .
it &apos;s very impressive and a very beautiful concert .
and these are the themes that are actually the heart of us .
one generation that makes so much meaning from video games , when it comes from the real world .
all of these are problems outside my mine .
i &apos;m not sure what the future of video games mean for our civilization .
finally ! finally ! that &apos;s it .
he would like to do that right .
so , you get fast from the simple to complex , if you do more . that &apos;s what we like .
and then they look at them , and that &apos;s the pain -- i thought that at least long time , until she explained to me , that &apos;s what they &apos;re thinking about , so they think about it .
it &apos;s going to go to the other direction .
girl : there was a sphere and a computer factory because it &apos;s two completely different practices , and if you drop them at the same time , maybe you fall out of the road .
but we could not train a thousand new teachers to save our lives .
and it &apos;s a key thing . &quot;
and then we will change ourselves as well as we have changed the world around us .
that &apos;s going to have incredible implications .
why do they do what they do ?
everybody would want to do the new version .
they &apos;re very much affecting us .
they &apos;re actually going to be in the same time .
i &apos;m going to get his words back in the order of the order .
&quot; well , yes , &quot; i said , &quot; strange , you ask that .
it &apos;s like , &quot; you don &apos;t need to do it again . &quot;
we saw ourselves , and i was grateful because she said , &quot; wow ! that &apos;s awesome . &quot;
the goal of the project is very simple .
this is completely personalized medicine in the world .
now the answer is a team of a team .
i work with the odyssey and the most serious thing that some serious problems in the project have created , problems that shouldn &apos;t have been .
in medicine , there are so many people who don &apos;t want to change change , not quite if a computer engineer has the answer .
you can really find novel solutions that haven &apos;t been seen yet , and that &apos;s very quickly and simple .
yeah , good , you &apos;re doing my life , because it &apos;s a little bit of a sudden , because of beautiful , beautiful , shape .
no , but it &apos;s true : the internet has changed the world .
you know the story .
and i met the most popular .
and i didn &apos;t write them to draw nice cartoons .
thank you .
so , &quot; our lonely earth &quot; brought me a lot of the meeting with the audience .
we have a lot of time for the existence of animals in this planet as they &apos;ve been here until we &apos;ve been able to reach the second microbial era .
his impact is the distribution of this very thin , thin , and we had a very , very profound death of dinosaurs , and we had a very strong death of dinosaurs , and the death of this beautiful , and so much other .
it &apos;s the supreme rail , the t. rex of his time .
they hate us .
this is when material comes from the deep of the earth and the surface , spread over the surface of the planet .
i &apos;m a little bit of the coast of the coast , what &apos;s going to happen to me ?
they have a crash . they have two options : they &apos;re going to die , or they take the hydrogen sulfide and , say , 75 percent of them will be saved , mentally .
so , blessing and curse .
some of you are countries who are the opinion that deregulation or even not the best way of being investing in investment is to promote investment .
the answer is simple : the chinese define these factories as chemical entities , not as a function of the world , and they don &apos;t check them .
i don &apos;t know what we can do , but i can use my office at least to bring them together to develop a solution . &quot;
they need a safe environment .
now , we have the impression that it &apos;s about the beginning of a new way of the regulation of international tasks .
human rights will be a very simple question : can i give this person back to this ?
or otherwise the young to find the fire that has the fire to see if you can change it . &quot;
okay , ready ? go .
i was fire and flame .
again , again , we saw the spoken word word walls walls .
after the fight , he shook his head , he said , &quot; you &apos;re a god . &apos; &quot; no , anderson , you &apos;re the god . &quot;
i travel a lot when i teach , and i don &apos;t always get to see how my students get their third step , but i had the happiness of charlotte , to see her journey as evolved as she did .
my parents have called me sarah , which is a name name .
i want to first talk about some ideas that have driven me , to become a more unfair .
when i saw that the war for everyone had such incredibly powerful consequences , and that the most powerful thing could be actually a factor in conflict conflict , i wanted to be a photographer to be a war war .
at the same time , in south africa , after nelson mandela had been released from prison , the black population of liberation was a last phase of apartheid .
the next day i was looking at rwanda , and it was when i was up in the hell of hell .
after the fall of the fall of indonesia in indonesia , i started exploring the conditions of poverty in a country that was on the way to modernization .
a hospital of the doctors without borders in a refugee camp .
the most efficient thing is that the percentage of the soldiers , the soldiers who survive a carpenter , is much higher than in any other history in our history .
so to make sure that so little as possible , we can have all these procedures in the election .
so you choose to take it .
but this is a broad and pretty difficult topic , so i had to cut myself .
the size is the population -- there &apos;s a big china , there &apos;s a big india .
and in all eastern religions , it was the level of the same .
because death is going to be a child with another child .
and what is the reason in qatar ?
they have a great job of a great job .
all religions on the world are able to keep their values and adapt to these new world .
and then , as all of our generation , we lived in a museum of a computer .
day eight .
in india alone , my favorite friends went to my friends and i went to door with this same picture , to every single house in india . we did over a billion of them .
this is the most important thing .
i asked her -- it &apos;s all the things that you want -- and i asked them those questions that you want to ask them .
i think we owe the debt of the rockefeller and ron st. john very much , i hope , ron is somewhere in the audience -- over there -- he &apos;s the founder of rockefeller .
larry brilliant : first of all , are you not angry because of the injury of the nuclear rights ?
have a computer company built , &quot; the climate group . &quot;
why should we have a positive impact on the world , on the world , as a company ?
they save 85 percent of electricity with an led that they would have used with an old light bulb .
sometimes people think that 100 percent is pretty hard , and we had this conversation in business .
a very poor one is paid to be in seven or eight years .
from our 17,000 , in ikea , we are 47 percent women , but that &apos;s not enough and we want to close this gap and we want to close this gap to the high management .
there was a equation in my family , about this : if you &apos;re intelligent , you &apos;re not spiritual .
this is , &quot; he wrote , &quot; it &apos;s the integrated structure of reality . &quot;
someone whose attitude you can take or take your shoes out of your ears .
and we realized the end of our online system , we realized the openness of the other .
as i would go back to bangalore , and often to become more vivid discussions of my friends , where we discussed different themes , while they were a drink of new issues , where a drink is often paid more than what they paid their 14 years old .
he &apos;s looking for forgiveness , and he says that he wants to improve his child &apos;s life .
this pakistani convention seemed to be pretty happy , and it had no deaths to deny even though dozens of people were killed in liberia .
and how are we responsible for that ?
it &apos;s an alarming -- not ? -- that the media of the world is doing such a bad job that a small group of activists in the situation is able to publish more of this kind of information than the rest of the world &apos;s world .
j yeah . that was the front page in the guardian and it was then printed in all countries around kenya , in the most violent and south african press .
j the impact on people who worked on it were considerably expensive .
and there &apos;s a lot of information .
i would be interested in what we &apos;ve heard about -- i &apos;m curious about the ted audience .
and we said , &quot; oh , tell us more .
so you have to be careful with the term hackers .
and just a month ago , it was passed all from the ministry of parliament in parliament .
and from all these numbers , i start with only two or three variables .
this piece here can be read very differently , depending on where you &apos;re going to be able to do it .
first , i read about this in a complaint at a university of a computer , and the most responsible medicine for responsible medicine and seven .
so , according to this research , the best thing is to make it a chicken for a chicken , but not too long in the way , until it &apos;s black , and a transistor from a carpenter , brown sugar or saltwater .
and then the next summer i worked under the line of dr. dunlap &apos;s heads on the fort community , texas .
and this realization is incredibly , very , for the efficiency of chemotherapy , perhaps for many different types of cancer .
for example , volatile organic compounds are chemical pollutants that are found in our schools , care and on the workplace .
because all of these solutions are , of course , they &apos;re sustainable and they &apos;re more sustainable -- they &apos;re a little bit of the generation of generations for our generation and for the following generations .
and immediately , a voice called &quot; chopsticks ! &quot;
after the conference , after my talk , people came to me , men and women .
hard !
a prosthetic is not more for the need , a lack of a lack of a lack of land .
we &apos;re all different from different perspectives .
i was in the way that i was in beijing , and i was in the olympic games .
about 80 percent of these are young people , under 30 .
and they &apos;re most unemployment , the most cosmopolitan , the twin , recyclable , the banks of the banks , the u.s. of europe , and america &apos;s products , which they produce , exposed to them .
they have a kind of a means that they can get on a piece of chicken or fish , and it looks like beef .
people think about the questions : will we continue to continue to keep our environment on a higher gdp ?
there &apos;s nothing up there , but the conditions were ideal for the winter .
now , the series was not even out of the line , so they &apos;re the first one to see this .
mars is similar to the earth , it seems to be the same as the earth &apos;s earth .
sousa was afraid that we &apos;re losing the possibility of this , quote , &quot; machines &quot; -- they would take us .
but much more importantly , bmi used to use the available works to create new energy systems that they &apos;re free to do for free , and then in 1940 , when he was a double , the majority of the channel was a number of the charges of bmi .
and i ...
for the balance of that , i &apos;m trying to do a good liberal , of course , to ask , of course , a good liberal , a mistake , not true ?
this realization is incredibly crude , incredibly provocative .
okay , i &apos;m not going to offer any alert , but i just noticed that the person on the right is a liar .
&quot; honey , you don &apos;t see fat , no . &quot;
another study showed that strangers are three times in the first 10 minutes of their being .
here &apos;s koko with her kittens .
i &apos;ll say it again .
and looking at liars , they don &apos;t expect to be in the eyes .
we say , &quot; yes , &quot; as we shake the head .
science has been very much more detailed to daylight .
look at exactly the same thing and you &apos;ll see the entire smile in the middle of the auditorium .
in this way , in this much more powerful world , it can be a little bit more important to be a little bit more dramatic in terms of our moral rules .
and that &apos;s not true , right ?
you know , we often think that language is the world where we live , but that &apos;s not true .
so what &apos;s like a computer designer , if not tragic joke about harry seems , acting as ethnic .
six months after that , without any explanation , they let me free .
that &apos;s what makes me trouble .
when i was 10 , i read james &apos;s &quot; country &quot; and i was broken in this book .
i proposed to you a new song .
so i took a little time to study coke .
and in the remote areas of africa , it &apos;s hard to find a good road .
how do you have to affect them based on the effects that you have on these remote villages ?
i don &apos;t think so attractive as &quot; the &quot; aw &quot; .
they &apos;re waiting to be cut .
much more people would have been gifted .
today i &apos;m going to tell you two things . first of all , what we &apos;ve lost , and secondly , how we get it .
here you can see the largest part of the living of the florida in the florida .
if there &apos;s no fishery , because it &apos;s protected , or isolation , it &apos;s great .
after a few years , after five to seven years , the fish come back , food , and then the algae grow again .
you can see the border of the body , because there are all the boats back there .
if it &apos;s so good , if it &apos;s so simple , how much is it ?
so the protection of the sea is the air and the ocean to a sink for funding and institutions , and that &apos;s not acceptable .
in the coral reefs , we found that the pyramid is the equivalent of the equivalent of the brain , where five lions come to a giant surface .
okay , enric , thank you for having a part of your spiritual experience . thank you .
it has been proven as the longest creature in the ocean .
they come to the submersible -- they come to the window , and they look at the submersible .
and in other words , we &apos;re trying to deal with our partners at woods hole , these virtual world -- this world , this unexplored area -- to get to the lab .
bl : these worms don &apos;t have a throwaway car . they don &apos;t have mouth .
what we &apos;ve seen was from the pacific .
we &apos;re going to try to show you the pacific in the pacific .
these worms grow several inches in the week !
the concept of the world &apos;s concept is exploit .
and the rest of one percent is very keen to go to the formula that they can apply in the situation .
they also have the mathematical structure that &apos;s from the surface of the light , measurements , the dots , points , and axes , etc .
the students have to create these things . they have to make them .
and the best , or one of the best parts , is that we don &apos;t get the answer from the end of the ocean .
what &apos;s happening with the small hadron collider ?
here you find the fastest growing young population in the world .
it &apos;s a lot of the state . there &apos;s no government schools in the slums .
this is a computer that was installed on the entrance to your slum by a disruptive social entrepreneur called sugata mitra , who took the most popular experiments that showed that kids can learn under certain conditions , with help with a computer .
well , the key is motivation , and in two ways .
this is a school in a bus on a construction site in pune , which is the fastest growing city of asia .
they should turn it into a mcdonald &apos;s .
there are formal scales , schools , private hospitals , hospitals , where innovation can happen , and informal environments , communities , families , social networks .
every child to age 15 , which is a place in a school , will be able to get a place .
and while i look at it , this scene comes to tears , and i &apos;ve been with me for 25 years .
here &apos;s a couple of parents from teenagers ? all right , we have to cook for them -- and they &apos;re going to eat every night for two , three or four . it &apos;s ridiculous .
he &apos;s going to go around and keep it all over .
these gay , people like me , want to be treated as full citizens , and it &apos;s written directly before our nose .
there &apos;s a fear of people who have to be afraid , so they don &apos;t show who they really are , here at home , and it &apos;s not just about north carolina ; in all states without color , it &apos;s legal .
think about it .
and i was scared .
about three years ago , i read a paper in the new york times .
who were my grandparents ?
it helps us become what we could have been .
that &apos;s how evolution works .
and in fact , here &apos;s this insect .
i &apos;ve been smelling one of the people .
it &apos;s not just 43 to 44 degrees fahrenheit for about two days , but it &apos;s keeping a constant temperature .
but contrast is about this . it &apos;s going to be out of the background .
here the americans put the russians , and yes , it was -- actually -- a game .
she started telling me , and all parents here will recognize the most powerful .
i have a irish history .
our lives will be defined by data , and the presentation of this data is to create fantastic interfaces , which can tell great stories .
i also set up a look at the different kinds of dna , because you can pick what you want to highlight from the data .
it &apos;s a man &apos;s man sitting in the box and controls this kind of thing .
a little bit of about 11 sheep per hour , which is a little bit of 68 cents .
in the reason , you can -- what you see on the left is the most powerful , and you see the frame of the frame , and you see the frame of the site as he was being interpreted by 16 people who had no idea what they do .
so a retired bell bell : bike , a portable -- aaron , and we took all these pieces and we took them all together into another mechanical turk .
but we knew we needed the right person to put us on the right person and build something that we could build .
and below all the individual frames , people have submitted to the project .
thank you .
so i made rows of images , cut , and put them together in the street .
a desired consequence of that is that you just see one part of his image , and that leads to a very free building .
and sometimes i have an emotional response to news , like the earthquake in haiti .
then i went 50 miles , then 60 miles .
it &apos;s like the different layers of those we are , and what we &apos;re presenting in the world as our identity .
another thing is in a public library in san jose , california .
so every building has its own personality .
it &apos;s probably easier than ever before , a good living .
i don &apos;t think we &apos;re particularly impatient .
it &apos;s just too weird .
you know , in the middle ages , in england , if you met somebody who was very poor , you called this one &quot; unhappy &quot; , literally , somebody who was lucky , the fate , not a matter of the fortune .
and that &apos;s going to be the youngest court with angels and revenge , and the sky will open up .
i told them the action of the manifesto &apos;s action .
what i think i really talked about is success and failure .
we should make sure that we are really the creator of our own ambition .
alain de botton : a chat of 1,600 , 1,600
if you train for this sport , you don &apos;t smile .
you know , you &apos;re swimming with a little bit of glass , and you &apos;re swimming 60 trains per minute , so you &apos;re never really on something that you &apos;re looking at .
they &apos;re packed in the liquid .
my breath is down to three main points the minute .
and i &apos;m not supposed to worry about it , i didn &apos;t make it .
i swam with this thing .
it &apos;s the only one that i &apos;m interested in .
that &apos;s already what we have today .
the gateway can be a smartphone , or it could be a particularly crude gateway , like today , many of these things are special , because they &apos;re not so integrated .
many of you have the phillips direct life .
this is a very important part of our lives . we should sleep a third of our lives .
ok . now let &apos;s go from sleep to disease .
so we can change medicine in the world &apos;s office , in all ages , of these newborns or the kids to the seniors ; the whole spectrum of the disease -- i hope i &apos;ve got to give you a sense of this -- about the globe .
so , i hope i &apos;ve convinced you -- the effects on the top of the world are enormous and the effects on disease are also impressive in all of these different diseases and more .
how do we create robust societies ? longevity .
and in the novel , a certain name called alvin , and he says , maybe it &apos;s not the best way , and it &apos;s destroyed all the system .
and so there &apos;s no standard of food .
and it &apos;s a great thing .
so , ow should be faster .
you might ask yourself how we do this kind of thing .
our only cookbook is the world &apos;s only cookbook in the partial phenomenon .
this is the finished hamburger .
a talk about surgical robots is always a talk about surgery .
and surgeons were more business than doctors .
but ultimately , the woke up .
they had to give up their intuitive movements with the instruments .
i told you about the big , complicated robot .
and as you can see , it &apos;s coming out to do something useful at all , that &apos;s not that much of the time .
and we don &apos;t even have to be constrained by these online issues .
we &apos;re here to talk about accidents .
but we had a problem .
okay , well , it was partly my fault .
we haven &apos;t just shown that bacteria can be the solution for plastic waste , but that the openness of the vaccine is allowing us to be able to make the risks of unexpected discoveries .
the film we &apos;re going to see is the same for the most important in new york .
i &apos;m not there .
it went on . they always tried to make things better .
they don &apos;t say , &quot; our style are curves . let &apos;s make the house curved . &quot;
i think in my family , we had a lot of luck , because we &apos;ve learned backwards .
wake up , very good !
ed : and then , in a row , a very historic site is a historical site , and there &apos;s the most of the time in the middle of paris that has taken their first place where the message was .
see this chair there ? the orange ? this is the most exciting chair . in 1940 .
because it &apos;s part of where we want to get .
it was a full of outrage , and they were full of speculation . they were a lot of speculation . no sound .
one of them is known : the population population . the population population has been in the last 50 billion people in the last 50 years .
brent lawson : to be here .
you see the lines check when the population explosion is happening .
before i talk about the cost of the cost , i have to clear that i &apos;m very clear that i have to hold out that i have to hold .
this is actually what liberation looks like .
but only recently , we can , thanks to technical progress , now the quantum quantum mechanics and quantum locking .
first of all , some strands of magnetic field are trapped inside , but the superconductor doesn &apos;t like it if they &apos;re moving , because their movements use energy , and so the most important people are going to be concerned .
and i can also expand this round magnet , of course , to form a random track .
and it was inspired by this quote from douglas adams , the situation is from &quot; bend through the galaxy . &quot;
because of course , they don &apos;t explain how to do it , if you want to do it yourself and not have a throwaway job .
but even though they were not convinced , they said , &quot; okay , we call back . &quot;
so , yes , i have .
so some will say , &quot; what will happen if moore &apos;s law is going to put on its borders ? &quot;
today you can buy half a billion . and you &apos;re even better , because you &apos;re faster .
but where are we going to get the software ?
larry page has been a passionate talk on our ted team , which he was doing for the great challenges of humanity .
they wanted to catch the fish .
this may sound insignificant , but it &apos;s incredibly frightening to hear a lot of rumors that one more one , bigger than the last one , is going to come to the last 13 , or maybe maybe ...
so the tsunami can be seen as a kind of disruptive moment , a moment where the blogosphere was kind of grown up .
probably , you &apos;re in three to five percent of the number of rumors in the glass , and it would be better than the estimate of 90 to 95 percent of them .
somebody has ties something , so they link other things , etc . , etc .
he &apos;s finished his head of his , and i &apos;m waiting for a 300 pounds of heavy paper with a long plans , but he &apos;s just saying , &quot; this is all i want to do . &quot;
so i &apos;m going to show you now 30 seconds of film , and i &apos;m going to show you the thing about the skin .
this habitat is covered more of the earth &apos;s surface than all other habitats combined .
many of us , i &apos;m locked in , think that the exploitation of the oceans are only in the last 50 or maybe 100 years , really seriously .
this one is connected to a cable , and our eyes are our eyes and hands for the work on the sea floor .
so there &apos;s a barcode on this product that &apos;s telling the computer exactly what the product is .
but i want to share with you some of my favorite discoveries of the census .
we don &apos;t know why they do that , we don &apos;t know .
this graph is based on a brand a brand that &apos;s going to appear in the journal of biology .
but that &apos;s not all of it .
as an architect , i have something like that .
mitchell joachim : don &apos;t build a house , grow it !
i think that &apos;s very interesting , and very , very sensitive , because what you &apos;ve heard in the last few days is the sense of walking in different directions : directions that are specific and unique for the problems .
well , we all think that the most obvious thing is that , obviously , a big romantic poet was a lot of us forgotten that he wrote some wonderful essays , and the most famous essay is a called &quot; defense of poetry . &quot;
i &apos;m going to read you this .
and at a certain time of his life , they &apos;re going to be on rocks .
but let me show you the latest robotic engineering .
if you used to , before the digital radio , the air station , and &quot; the &quot; dig &quot; on the site , that noise was that noise .
the basic idea of the world &apos;s idea is that you have two sources of information that you have to get out of the conclusions .
that means i have to make predictions about the future .
now , there &apos;s a very clear example of where a sense of me feels a lot different than if it was made by another person .
and in the meantime , i got two daughters .
so they didn &apos;t know the rules that the other person plays .
if these dots were cars on a mountain table , they wouldn &apos;t have a clue what &apos;s going on .
we &apos;ve shown that we can explain a big part of the data -- people actually plan their movements to be very , very specific to the negative consequences of the noise .
this is from the ocean national iv .
mars has the largest largest oil system of the solar system , the most powerful .
this is my favorite thing . it was taken just a few weeks ago .
the oldest stone on earth is only 3.6 billion .
and the result of our meeting was a very reactive film called ares .
we fold it , and we transport it in a spacecraft .
this is about the design of oregon , oregon .
i think there &apos;s a look at the packaging here -- &quot; eight to 12 . &quot;
and there was a guy who sold these weapons for lego , because lego -- the most expensive -- no , they &apos;re not on guns .
and then there are some examples of the stuff that are real sculptures .
i have to tell you , for me , this night was all changed .
perhaps most importantly , the impact on other companies is enormous .
in fact , politics is fixed .
in brazil , there are 18 days of time , whereas the united states only have 700 , and the two in california is the percentage of the four percent , and within three years , the percentage of the four percent is up to 85 percent .
it &apos;s not a lot of the stuff . biofuels are a really big thing .
scientists explain us -- and these are only estimates -- that we have to cut the oil rate down to the greenhouse gases , and so fast as possible .
i can &apos;t wait to do what we &apos;re doing to tedsters for the crisis .
there are always fewer people who are still available , which you could be contagious , and then you get this kind of thing that &apos;s going to be the curve and you get this classic track curve .
b is on the edge of the network .
and that &apos;s what happens to each other .
the red dots are going to be the most powerful , and the yellow dots will be friends of people with flu .
would you get immunity to the pop-up ?
and there are , i think , three ways to be used to these kinds of data data .
the building was in construction to collapse of the economy , and death of the world &apos;s first time .
although it seems to be a completely chaotic place , if you see it from top , there seems to be a whole network of the internet and channels that connect every single house .
in this tradition , the future bride is all the different things that you &apos;re going to bring to your new husband .
what a place like the copernican david makes particularly remarkable is this kind of information , where people have a basis that they can use to use .
we can only ask : &quot; how do the most powerful of the computer &apos;s office ? &quot; and i &apos;m going to experience it immediately -- or what else we want to ask .
it &apos;s replaced the workers through technology .
you can see some symbols on the left , which is what &apos;s going on with his right arm .
they &apos;re older , and they &apos;re getting older .
or even if we &apos;re going to get a lot older , our cars can go to that .
they were gone in a moment .
it was always more obvious that we can &apos;t win .
the two specialists behind the curtain will help me bring the result on the screen .
one of the journalists asked , &quot; what &apos;s going on ? &quot;
the evangelical are the same as jewish degeneration .
i think there are some reasons , actually , but there &apos;s just some of us in the short way .
he was attracted by the fire , he drank them , he was like a computer designer , a little bit of a light .
let me go from door to the international community , and see if somebody &apos;s sex or troops are giving me a force for these .
but for sergio , it was too late .
he saw her .
niall power : a complicated hero
this means jobs and possibilities all along the way .
but today i &apos;m going to talk about the free of food because it was actually this year , last year , and 2008 , during the most successful , food , calories for every single pound of calories .
and i go into these stores when they &apos;re there , and they &apos;re going out to the fields to see what they can get , and i &apos;m stuck , they can &apos;t get food .
we see changes of participation in schools .
i want to talk about something that i call digital food .
and what i found is that instead of investing in subsidies and other things , invest in a school program .
thank you .
we could do the same thing with cancer .
they &apos;re not going to go to a more of a time .
it &apos;s not abstract ; it &apos;s the interaction with the environment .
it &apos;s a very reactive device , not because it shows me how many of the people i &apos;m doing every day , but because it &apos;s 24 hours of time , which i do .
that &apos;s never been shown .
the productivity of these magnets is so big that we can see with this technology a single neutron .
you don &apos;t have to shrink the tumor .
if the magnet is big enough , and their resolution high enough , they can actually be able to get all the proteins in the body , and start to understand the individual system .
most of us find that comforting , and interestingly , 12 vibrations per minute about the most prolific one of a sleeping person .
for example , if i took this -- longer than a few seconds , they would feel uncomfortable ; longer than a few minutes , and they would leave the hall in comparable .
and that &apos;s what all of you have realized . and that &apos;s the tune that &apos;s at the most time in the world .
and i stood there with two very good friends of mine , richard weavers and kevin .
as we cross miles and miles from the street , frozen water , the most delicious ones could be .
so as i &apos;m here today , and i &apos;m talking to you , i went to the ted of about five years .
just 10 miles before the coast and in the south of the coast , and in the south of the city .
the oceans determine climate and weather , they hold the temperature stable and shapes the chemistry of the world .
there are easy ...
this is the result , if you don &apos;t know that there are boundaries for what we can take the oceans .
in the past three years , the united states has been very good at the u.s. square square sea than the u.s.
we need to go back , new technologies to exploration the ocean .
a lot of my early career , i wanted to figure out how the wings of the insects generate enough force to keep themselves in the air .
let &apos;s study this idea of simplicity .
this is a beautiful picture of visual imaging of a mouse from jeff &apos;s lab , and you can see the wonderful images of brains that he showed in his talk .
they &apos;re going to be a little bit of a business , and they have a different kind of behavior , another kind of thing , a different kind of pollen and patterns and they can think that this works in a very complicated system .
our mission is to build a more painful and realistic computer model of human brain .
he &apos;s home and drinking tea .
if you look closer to the neocortex of the neocortex , you &apos;re going to find that it &apos;s all of a small components . it &apos;s a lot of the processors , like in a computer .
how many per type of tree is there ? where are they put ?
we can look at the tissue . and we can change neurons .
we can upload all these neurons , every single one in its own processor , it activate , and watch what happens .
and the key thing is that the secrets of the brain can be solved soon . mental illness , memory , perception : they &apos;re made of neurons and electrical signals , and he &apos;s planning to find them with a supercomputer that &apos;s going to be able to get the brain with a little split synapses .
it would be two or three thousand bombs .
the air force began to build smaller models , and started this .
this is what nasa did to get a more powerful , which would fly to mars .
i &apos;ll tell you a little bit about the behavior of the behavior .
it &apos;s a fantastic time to write . because there &apos;s so much resonance that you can get from people .
the bottom ? yellow .
if you ask people that question , they usually think that it has something to do with culture .
the countries on the right , the ones that give a lot of different forms , have a slightly different form .
i &apos;ll give you another example of this .
but to get him back , it will be more complex .
a online island for 59 dollars .
the general idea here , by the way , is that we don &apos;t really know our biases .
in fact , in medical care , this is our view .
and radio waves are limited .
in order to be able to use the eyes of the eyes , you can only use it with lower energy .
their intensity can be very , very quickly , and it can be turned off very quickly .
they &apos;re critical .
but that &apos;s just by the way .
cars have a car and the other , and they can communicate with each other and communicate through the car lights with the cars and so on .
dna is what &apos;s really mean , all life is mean .
because it &apos;s actually not so many data .
you have the genome genome , and you have a custom , and it &apos;s a customized medicine that &apos;s better than today -- it has no side effects .
it &apos;s really easy -- just just a carpenter gene -- but we could completely dismiss it .
we &apos;re not running as small organisms alone on the world , but they &apos;re part of a big ecosystem .
the consequences can be bad -- if we break ourselves or the earth -- but that &apos;s just the consequence of one of us .
now i &apos;m mostly here because there &apos;s a kind of dig in the dog in the moment where we have a person who thinks that you &apos;re cutting a dog , first of all , by making a dog , human rules .
they &apos;re just like &quot; the &quot; aw &quot; , just to beat . and therefore they &apos;re going to beat .
no , we &apos;re doing &quot; puppy , sit . &quot; boom , he can try to do it for six to 10 .
these are the golden folk systems .
and i would say , if you don &apos;t need it , you should not be it .
not only with the puppy , but also with the rest of the family .
these are the same things that are so simple .
their children are just to train .
wk : i want to make a windmill .
so , and this windmill -- does it work ?
wk : yeah . i still think of working with energy .
because even though i used scientific terms in songs , it &apos;s sometimes very hard to make them sound .
and even less rare , if it &apos;s accompanied by the oil and the most violent , like in my case .
one is a white flash of light .
64 with 75 multiply .
let &apos;s look at the third question .
the desert continued to expand a mile or two per year .
the homo erectus made the same tool over 30 generations .
you can teach them in the lab , a little bit of trade-offs , and there &apos;s actually a more sophisticated thing in other animals , but the exchange of a object is never happening .
it &apos;s the wealth of the money , and the pleasure of your needs , time to save time .
we &apos;ve reached this as a species .
but there &apos;s no evidence for that .
and when people started doing things like this , the objects like this was a clue that a exchange between groups existed .
but who knows how to make a computer mouse ?
but that &apos;s me also because of the connections that people are taking , and the way that they have never been there , and they &apos;re not going to be able to get the ideas to be able to get to the experience and to mate . i &apos;m sure that technology will continue to expand and improve the most innovative .
this is as high as a building building , and i &apos;ve been looking at the statue of the statue as compared to the statue of the computer .
but we don &apos;t talk about it , but we don &apos;t take it seriously .
they &apos;re just gone , these feelings , they &apos;re gone .
if we think about the most sophisticated detection detection , then the fast development is the problem , because how can we discover things that change constantly ?
i &apos;ve talked about this -- you know this situation , if you don &apos;t get a diagnosis in the hospital ?
what about real people ?
we sequenced a part of their viruses ; it &apos;s new , so far , the rhinoviruses .
after 10 more days with fever , she came back -- still a fever -- she has a little bit of oxygen -- little oxygen in her lungs .
it wasn &apos;t even a lot sequenced .
it &apos;s a classic retrovirus , but it &apos;s completely new . nobody ever saw it before .
a huge battery could have that .
so instead , we &apos;re going to invent something that fits to the most appropriate of the brain .
i brought a little bit of a high density up with low density , a high density of salt , and a molten salt in between .
but david is young and clever and he wants to make a more powerful , and so he builds -- he then builds the first metal metal with this chemical composition .
so what do we learn from all of this ?
this video was taken in the field of the coast , six miles before the coast of the coast of the coast of the sea , about 20 feet below the surface of the surface .
and quickly , we realized that our garage was not big enough for this growing project .
i started to get to maria , and their methods and how they found these things and how important they found that children discover things and they won &apos;t be taught to be a open way of being open to open .
evolution often is seen as this one way that we chose , but it actually represents a big number of possibilities .
i &apos;m going to skip this to the stage of space space .
our cities are at risk , because many of them are on the coast .
there are stars and so forth .
so if we think about the behavior of the behavior or body language , how it &apos;s called the social scientists , it turns out to be language . we think about communication .
this is a phrase that &apos;s known as a pride , and it was studied by jessica tracy , and she showed that the people and birth of birth people are doing this , and they do that when they win in a computer .
so i thought about it . you can see that people and see how they &apos;re involved . could you get them to do it , and then they would be involved in more ?
what happens to a computer company , what happens when you &apos;re going to the bottom stage , what happens when you &apos;re going to the same little manipulation , these tiny little bits of manipulation ?
this is happening in the lab . the little exercise , for just a few minutes , where you can really apply this ? that &apos;s what we &apos;re really important about .
these things . people are kind of showing their true self . they show themselves .
she was completely depressed and he said , &quot; i don &apos;t have to look for this . &quot;
they need their bodies , privacy and two minutes . it can affect the other way in the big scale .
and the swim swim to get to your own , and get a little bit of the audio , and you get an ant , you get a blade of the brain , and you drive a blade of grass up like a jeep .
and you have to have a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a problem , you have to have a answer .
so it &apos;s like i think richard and i care that these ideas are not being abused .
and of course , they &apos;re extinct in the process .
but under all these ideas that are going to be spreading in the world , many toxic ideas are all over the world .
and as viruses should be , we don &apos;t try to destroy them .
and in my game , it &apos;s called the one .
we put some ideas on the legs , we went international on tour .
i know you &apos;ll tell me , &quot; t is not there . &quot;
audience : t , e , d.
nobody hears each other . nobody &apos;s familiar with the other .
you &apos;ll see the orchestra in a kind of a kind of a lonely fashion .
i don &apos;t want to have that that should have happened , but that we need to be better if it &apos;s about answering the questions that you have to consider when you think about the consequences and the reactions .
they work in government stores . they &apos;re driver .
five dollars can save life .
she deserves about two dollars a day , building a little bit of a time , and she explained that she &apos;s not going to marry kids before these things are done .
finally , from despair , they went and they went to a wise old woman .
it &apos;s not even new .
and as you say , if you &apos;re angry , you &apos;ll be the best talk you &apos;re ever going to regret .
okay , the vast majority of us .
his message was basically unity , the connectedness of everything and the unity of everything . and its fundamental value was respect to strangers .
who fights , while he goes ?
they start to go , in israel and palestine , in jordan , in turkey , in syria .
and so more and more of the time , and for recently , she has a income to support their family .
just go to somebody with another culture , from another country , with another ethnicity , which is kind of different and full of them , and listen to him .
i start where the story started , 1985 in 1985 .
now , before you get to the day , who had the opportunity to shower ?
you see here -- 35 percent of this less famous house , where 50,000 indigenous people live , 35 percent of the houses had a working shower .
21 percent of what we &apos;re doing is follow by the user &apos;s point , things that were actually wrong around .
we did it . he got a little bit of the job .
we found out that in this region , failure is the cause of disease and death .
one thing is , in the context of everything we &apos;ve done , the middle of the world &apos;s king said nelson mandela didn &apos;t have a far of here , &quot; how slavery and apartheid is not an intuitive thing . &quot;
i don &apos;t really doubt if you call me a more powerful .
it sounds really like telling the word of the top , but if you try to use it , it &apos;s amazing .
with this statement , i &apos;m going to ask you to be in the belief that kids should not leave their community to live in a better way .
this is the youngest of conventional workforce in america with our family technology .
this is a picture of the bronx of the bronx who killed children in his house , not in jail so they felt like they were feeling .
we gave something back .
if you &apos;re large kids with small amounts of water , they &apos;re the big , thick man in the middle , which is cool , and they create these responsibility under the world &apos;s disease that &apos;s incredibly .
now , you might wonder about these kids .
hold kids away from these stores .
stephen ritz : a teacher who &apos;s south bronx
secondly , i bet that even you see the difference here as a nonprofit , the difference is a rising line of the web right after that sharp line .
to 10 : in 1966 , the pig suffered a heart attack .
people with migraine migraine , who have an aura , have a band with nervous neurons -- here in red -- that &apos;s three to five millimeters a minute to the most violent .
the problem is that 30 million americans have migraine migraine , and we need a more powerful thing . i think we have now .
my first wish is that the most popular thing for epilepsy , the most cosmopolitan , for the most violent , is a key acronym -- for the treatment of other people &apos;s treatment .
lawyers are taking cases of the hope in the hope of the hopes of fat to the settlements that are providing the poor patients full of pity .
a year ago , four of the five of the five of the world &apos;s oil students were in ushahidi , which is the way that they were in swahili , also , also , also .
how do you know what &apos;s really important about that ?
so i thought , &quot; i &apos;m going to talk about death . &quot;
i &apos;ve got it first to get it to get here .
these people below the barrier , i call them , because they &apos;re really going to get out of the process , to share their knowledge with the world .
they have to use , 1824 as a platform to develop their materials and develop their materials , and they teach them to teach the world to teach the world .
yes , books , maybe 100 or 1,000 spending in the year are sold .
it &apos;s not surprising that it &apos;s all like , right ?
how do we protect it for the future ?
so that &apos;s not very hard .
the days of the world &apos;s day is over when people say , &quot; well , we &apos;d like to have three or a half of them in our country to see how this works . &quot;
no , it &apos;s not a rocket project . it &apos;s an education project .
you can use a couple of thousand children with two more people .
so it &apos;s like an electronic book .
everybody says that &apos;s a $ 100 laptop , you can &apos;t do that .
and that &apos;s the launch .
they click around things and stare at screens . &quot;
he says , &quot; no , no , no . there &apos;s a better way . &quot;
we &apos;re all playing lucy on a large line of information , and we can &apos;t keep up with information and we can &apos;t keep up .
thank you .
i think most people think that a pregnant mother , still , is raised her child .
that &apos;s not possible . it &apos;s not .
it &apos;s going to be good . you &apos;ll live .
first , the most important to prevent the world .
two years ago , one of the mentor mothers came to me and told me a story .
how do you build a better health system ?
the most important thing is , how simple the system is .
if you look at the volume of gray substance in the age of four to 22 years , it takes the childhood to what this graph shows . it &apos;s in the early adolescence .
the idea that your father is singing in public , and it was enough to get to the rest of it .
this is the most important thing we built together .
after the first year , it was invited by the sunrise electronica museum in austria to install it in his lobby and i &apos;m happy to say that there was stayed online , 24 hours a day , for almost nine years .
but in the night , while we were talking about the tele-actor , i asked the tele-actor , how the most popular people would kiss that they would kiss sam .
and here &apos;s the result .
a place where my family has been working on four generations in the world .
so , i have no idea what it has with a shepherd , but they &apos;re incredibly reactive .
the first thing you see in the world &apos;s office is the terrible force of the brain &apos;s .
he &apos;s going to wrap it up to my leg , picks me up , bring me up to a vehicle and can bring me to a doctor .
it was a depression in the ground .
and she said , &quot; well , it &apos;s about them . &quot;
we &apos;ve calculated that 200 years of the end of our direct energy system are the world .
it &apos;s so easy to see technology as a metaphor for memory , but our brains are not perfect , like technology .
it &apos;s the most powerful of my favorite .
i &apos;d like to think -- thank you .
and i can assure you : corn is in everything .
you should know that in every community , the number of people &apos;s numbers are already increasing .
i &apos;ve led three main classes to antarctica .
but tell me where they are and what country they are . &quot;
we also explored the surface of the islands -- a very important tool for birds , one of the most important things in the pacific .
and we &apos;re as the rest of the world , a problem .
he coined the term &quot; reverse fishing . &quot;
of course , the most open and open seas were blowing up , but the most open sea , which everybody likes to look at , was in trouble .
here &apos;s the pacific , with huge amounts of water and huge amounts of water .
now there &apos;s a lot of time , immediate , automated , automated , free of all of our devices , even on the smartphone .
it &apos;s an endless debate , and there &apos;s no conclusions , no single answer to it , but if you &apos;re a big geek like me , you say , &quot; well , what are the data ? &quot;
instead , he has documented very carefully , which is happening again , when technology is first in a environment and in a community .
so there &apos;s , of course , two different ways .
this is a blue field -- it &apos;s actually a yves &apos;s painting .
i mean , it was at least how happy it was .
now , there was a question of , of course , that i &apos;m going to put a while in my head , well , i can do more of the things that i like to do in design , and less of those i don &apos;t like to do ?
and here it is from the front .
they &apos;re a terrible situation without the end of the road .
they &apos;re going to be in hospitals .
as a 15-year-old , for example , i was considered an extraordinary honor in northern india , because i knew the most violent , and i know how to use a lot of work , and i can work quickly with the most powerful .
i &apos;ve seen this value of older people in so many of my friends who are in their 60s , &apos; 70s , &apos; 80s and 90s , and the 90s , and doctors , and doctors .
as christian , and made a lot of the design of the world , and made a young jewish men , young jewish men in the united states , and canada batman and superman who also went back to the bible .
the case of the world &apos;s last muslim u.s.
the biggest bad bad guys , no , don &apos;t want these rocks to be able to get out of the ground , so he tries to prevent them on the ground .
and one of my favorites is cookie from yemen .
&quot; and when does the article come out ? &quot;
and it &apos;s got to be a little bit of a thing that we can do .
&#91; &quot; the 99 &quot; &#93; thank you .
it &apos;s dangerous when a group of themselves identified themselves as extremely .
and the most exciting thing : islam &apos;s pardon .
let &apos;s look at it .
let me point out for you .
let me show you this here .
and when i started designing , i discovered something curious about myself .
so they have the eye and then they come to the concepts .
but of course china has a tremendous population .
but what that shows is that this kind of visualization is a form of information .
it &apos;s even a pleasure to engage with you , because they &apos;re visual .
the most popular is named after the eden project in britain .
why don &apos;t it smell like potato or a nuclear or a half ? so there are two theories .
and a theory allows a less to work .
now after a few months of looking at , i discovered that there &apos;s a kind of molecule that you call a kind of molecule , and that &apos;s exactly the same vibration .
this is the basis for the device that these two people built from ford .
they made it -- and it &apos;s just like coumarin .
that was a good thing .
and at the time , a series of things that i want to pay you to do is to take attention to it .
and she actually didn &apos;t have a clue of the context where she was landed .
norman !
i didn &apos;t say goodbye , neither my mother , my father , not my sister , my brother , my brother , my brother , my cousins , my grandparents , my grandparents , my grandparents , no .
i reports . i reports to say , just to say that i had two things when i left the orphanage i wanted to do . that was one , my family and the other was to write poems .
and this is how we look for them .
and then you hope that one of us is going to go around and find small parts .
he had a computer company , and therefore , he has to be careful from other , female and probably much smaller family families to get his age from 12 years .
is this a good evolutionary adaptation or will it lead to that we will be the phrases that exist on the planet on earth ?
but will we do that or will we take nature to take their run ?
one day , a few weeks or maybe a year later , i was with my favorite school in a store for a while , and i wanted to buy a little bit of a time -- we had a training plan .
that meant a fundamental change for me .
my hint : about 70 layers of this , the most powerful , the most powerful .
you know , how obsessed i really am ? this project is only for me , and yet i went to buy a chinese newspaper from the san francisco to buy the bird with a reasonable newspaper to get the bird sensible .
when we go to the way to the spectacular blue mountains in the west of sydney , it was a perfect , perfect , perfect , smell of the smell of the sun and a dream .
&quot; no , it &apos;s too hard . &quot;
and if you &apos;re ever going to walk again , only with a computer company . &quot;
i remember that my father was coming out in the wheelchair , and i was surrounded by the top , and i felt the sun at the bottom , and i felt the sun on my face .
they said , &quot; we &apos;ll put you next to you , because we think that &apos;s good for you . &quot;
she was enough to me , and i called the school school , i was going to go and say , i &apos;d like to wish a little bit of a book .
and i said , &quot; well , &quot; aw . &quot;
and mom and dad ? were never up .
i &apos;m in this world , but i &apos;m working in a very instinctively way .
it &apos;s like a computer designer of a richard serra flying through a richard serra .
how to do the hell in three weeks , if i have these things , when i have these things that have evolved over millions of years ?
each of these elements could be on the wall as a kind of artistic art .
in his days , he was the highest taxpayer in british .
i look at individual design and how they flow -- how they stretch and flow . it &apos;s based on furniture , but that &apos;s not the most important thing . it &apos;s made of aluminum , as opposed to aluminum and it &apos;s grown .
this is the car of the future . it &apos;s a water bottle .
if you put it next to contemporary architecture , it feels totally like me .
this is my studio . it &apos;s underground .
it was made out of kevlar .
and as i had done my dr. , i had the lucky one to be a member of a computer company that used to be used to the first time to explore the ocean .
there was one of these most profound ones .
he uses red bioluminescence like a computer cap to be a computer company to get into animals that are blind to the red light , and can see it without being seen .
so they use it to find food and partners .
i challenge you to call a different science that &apos;s still used hundreds of years old .
this is a magical place .
so i was doing the value of sleep .
and at the fifth of june , i heard a loud bang on the disk that changed my life and finished a duck .
and here &apos;s the duck again .
after the price , my life changed .
another example of the impact of the internet &apos;s life on birds .
so , if i do this , this is the tone for purple .
depending on how i &apos;m going to hear it , i can hear music with the food and i write .
one of them is &quot; i have a dream &quot; by martin luther king , and the other is hitler .
now , you can see more often that former general general is now the most common thing .
you don &apos;t want to say anything to be used to one . &quot;
absolutely vital .
and what happens when teachers want to fix order ?
and why not ? you don &apos;t trust the law . why don &apos;t you trust the law ?
because it &apos;s so , freedom has a structure of structure .
because life is complex . and here &apos;s the hardest and biggest change : we need to be the authority for interpretation and application of law and officer .
a free society needs red and green lights , otherwise it will be completely hostile .
put boundaries for interest , and the most important to compute , and for the charges they can take .
well , if you think about it , it &apos;s really hard to go round columns with a ruler .
he had a very bad job .
he was just a single one of the last day .
but the problem , to leave the rules and incentives , is that they were reluctant to vibrate , and they were documenting the professional activity in two ways .
so smart security is better than nothing , but it &apos;s hard to imagine that any smart energy can get this for unlimited time .
why has this idea spread ?
people want to be a little bit more like that .
it was an extraordinary time . i &apos;m going to be able to light the mentality of a little bit more closely , which we -- america and the rest of the world .
this was a little bit of a sudden , the turtle .
we have this with a complete computer system .
what i want to show you is what you need to transport , in 34 pounds , to transport uranium .
what if they had nuclear weapons ?
we come down and bring the truck , which you just saw somewhere in the field of the room .
part of the problem is that the most powerful self , being overwhelmed by the thought of a nuclear disaster .
it was sent to me by someone who &apos;s a computer company , which is a fact that it was hard to do america .
there are many black sheep out there that are doing the wrong things and the problems still have .
we can show our results . we can make things better .
how can we tap them out ?
it &apos;s a dangerous working environment .
imagine , we could , because if we could , we could achieve more .
governments who make most progress are governments who have found ways to allow shared value in business , rather than seeing the government that has the unique one .
maybe i can cut this up , and i can see the brain , and i can change my cut .
i want to zoom in .
come on to me a moment with me in the 19th century , and i &apos;m just in the 19th century .
we could certainly be so productive if facebook or twitter wouldn &apos;t cost us so much time .
they look at the british government to get money for building babbage &apos;s machines , because they believed that these machines would have tremendous practical effects for society .
these benefits didn &apos;t just make the research less wealthy men , but they also upset them , and they also have to be upset about the most powerful , rather than answering the questions .
i &apos;m going to tell you how i learned something about life .
if you start looking at the very small stuff -- this person has written a whole article and said , &quot; hey , these are bacteria . &quot;
and all of those aren &apos;t old enough , they don &apos;t know how this infection happened -- that &apos;s through these valleys .
there are about 10,000 programs in the world .
this would be the frequency of the one that you can find every 26 letters of the sponsor in one of the randomly chosen apes .
everywhere life is , you have this distribution , unlike that distribution .
too hot , too hot .
the cop asks , &quot; are you sure ? hey , you know , you &apos;re sure you &apos;ve lost that ? &quot;
these are the data of a single survey in zambia in a single district in zambia , from a few years ago , where i have a lot of time .
as you see , bruce willis at the time had a lot more hair .
you could talk about 10,000 , 20,000 or 30,000 dollars , if i had the time or it fit in my plan , and i didn &apos;t just have been in vacation .
instead of teaching people how to put the forms on the cell phones , we should develop software that allows them to do that , without practice and without my favorite .
this is less than i did when i went to a year for two weeks when i was a consultant .
and then we understand that if we want to change our trajectory , in life or in the balloon , we need to change the height .
that can be in the spirituality .
and that &apos;s why you need weather .
i promised that i was going to take the next time i was going to fly around the world , not going to take fuel , regardless of fossil energy , to be sure not to be threatened by the most endangered .
i think you need a pilot in the plane to talk to the universities that can talk to students , with politicians during the flight , and it really can make a human adventure .
and what is the goal ?
this is why all people who believe in this spirit , welcome to this kind of team .
now you just need a laptop .
anyway , for us , africa was a magical place .
the next thing i want to make clarity is what this problem is , and what it is .
that &apos;s crazy , really , if you think about it .
let &apos;s stop with a second with the nonsense .
the fact is that we can see the first generation , and this extreme poverty in the eyes , you see it over the ocean , say it and you have to do it .
it &apos;s a nerves .
this year is a test for us , especially for the leaders of the ipcc states , who are sequenced and the history of the world .
people are starting to find out .
and with this one campaign as our screen , my organization , data , and other groups that are the energy and the enthusiasm out there from hollywood to the interior of america .
step for step , you go forward , a nurse , a teacher , a a a translator , and life will be saved .
the idea that the internet , which has changed all their lives , can change a country -- and a continent that &apos;s just made to the analog , let me get the head out of the head .
lips are not lips , but volcanoes .
now , their job is to see what this shapes is , and what kiki .
now , if you &apos;re not just a little bit of a time , this sentence , literally , is just wrong .
if we solve a problem or discover something new , we compare what we already know about , which is what we know .
nadia al-sakkaf : i &apos;m glad to be here .
they &apos;re not even fit to all these projections .
pm : i don &apos;t think that &apos;s what i do .
how did they handle it , but they also have their own work ?
some of my reporters have been arrested .
this is clearly a different picture of yemen .
my heart was three times too big .
this is a list of the side side : if you eat too much salt like a car , like a car and a sandwich sandwich , you probably land on the intensive care .
but soon i showed symptoms for the design and i had to go back to the street , knowing that i would never see my home again .
i was sitting there , and i was talking about the most amazing thing for the transplants and asked him what i needed when i needed a transplant , to prepare me .
i was sitting on a dozen machines that kept me alive .
thank you .
interestingly , one of these most profound things is also in the united states to have 200 percent .
and also , interesting is that the same business , which is the 80 million pounds of atrazine , the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the antidote , &quot; is the antidote to the antidote to the antidote to the same company .
we started as a computer designer .
what would our testes say to us when they were a child , and i had a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of artificial , some artificial , and a little bit of a little bit of a plastic a. , a little bit of a plastic a.
the problem is that in my village , oakland , in most of our villages , this connection doesn &apos;t see this connection .
here &apos;s the accumulation of the world &apos;s body &apos;s heart institute next to los angeles .
i offered five cents for every single time .
the most important thing can &apos;t be contained , it &apos;s become global .
here you see , in red , the spread of the water .
they &apos;re like a mouse looking at the foot of an elephant , and the largest part of them is hidden .
they look out of their tree and they &apos;re coming from all directions around us .
redwoods have a tremendous surface that &apos;s expanding in the sky because they tend to be something called the &quot; repetition . &quot;
and the redwood canopy is the redwood stability , just like a cathedral , and help the tree live longer .
it &apos;s absolutely a very valid , which is to see .
but for recently , all the doors of the palace are cut up and break the walls .
this was 25 years ago .
so let &apos;s take a look at the first time for example .
how do these people do with these infected computers ?
and you can afford to see how we work -- how security works -- and try to find a way to find the most powerful , the most important ones we meet .
you &apos;ll see that you can see there &apos;s a more powerful one on the bottom , and you can see , you know , the video image / d / d , and if you open this image image on your computer , this program is downloaded and implemented .
and if you look at the pictures of the scene , you can see that the elevator is the gateway of the beaches .
we need to find any way to make sure that everything is going to play , even if the computers are going .
but i don &apos;t have to do anything with that .
this person is around with consultants .
why should we believe what he says ? &quot;
how does his future look like ?
this powers completely disappear , no one &apos;s going to be the 2011 of 2011 .
it would be good if people were a little bit of a sudden , and they would take this kind of calculation seriously and they would be involved in that , because this would change things . but it would change things on two more skilled ways .
that means that we can see a copy of ourselves , if you just use one part of the most powerful , that &apos;s happening in slow motion , and a worse and worse and more likely .
and the happy few , jill and kevin ? well , they came back from their own , and saw that their video had suddenly spread as a car cap .
thank you .
you &apos;re going to go away in the distance .
this is what was taught to him , since he was five years old .
i &apos;m grateful for the fact that i had a mentor like mau who taught me how to synchronize .
what is it that &apos;s going to drive you in life today ? not 10 years ago .
what do you do with what you &apos;re doing and you do it ?
didn &apos;t have the -- time . didn &apos;t have the -- technology . you know , i didn &apos;t have the right manager .
in this moment , or unconscious , right now , in the moment you decide to focus on something , you can make a meaning and whatever it means , it makes emotion .
have you ever done what , and then you &apos;ve got , &quot; that &apos;s me ! &quot;
to death , so , god in his infinite wisdom , gave us another human need : the uncertainty .
but that &apos;s true : we need it . we can do it through intimacy , through friendship , through prayers , through the nature of nature .
and there are seven different beliefs . i can &apos;t go through it , because i &apos;m through . the last element is feeling .
jewish man with family in the burma , someone in new york , who would have died when he had been at work at work , and this man who wanted to be a terrorist and he said it was very clear .
instead , i &apos;m interested in developing tools that can tell you a big number of people who can tell their stories everywhere in the world .
the color of the particles is the kind of feeling -- happy , positive feelings have shining colors .
we see , &quot; i feel like i was the whole day on the computer . &quot;
and when i go over here , the list starts to walk , and there are thousands of feelings that have been collected .
the 10 themes of radiation and circle the time capsule .
it &apos;s called &quot; universe : unveiling our modern mythology . &quot;
we can click this and see this iconic image of betty ford , like her husband &apos;s coffin .
you can also look at quotes when you like to read quotes to climate change .
so people feel like the clouds that are in the ways .
in life , it &apos;s been called tens of thousands of members in almost 100 countries around the earth .
you just need to go out to go out and pay that to you , so that so common , so common , that all the other things are missing .
so look up , admire the beauty of beauty , and think about it , and you &apos;re always thinking about the head in the clouds .
they would have added 25,000 shots that would have done this : &quot; the &quot; aw , good , good . &quot;
and you know , 10 years ago , it was about 10 years ago when i got the most popular to buy my first career . it was a huge machine .
these images come from a virtual autopsy .
here you can see the knife being hacked in the heart .
it &apos;s a little mechanical pen that has built in its inner , very fast , very fast .
now this is a really interesting project .
so he does .
so , very gifted people .
i went to the kids so often as possible to get out of the academic fabric with the real world in relation to the real world .
it &apos;s not all , but it &apos;s an incredibly valid summary of everything we know about the basics of nature .
i &apos;m not going to go into the details why we think about the universe , but it &apos;s making the math and trying to explain physics that we know .
but in my career , i always do something in my career .
in 2001 , i visited her during a prison shop .
we got a lot of computing applications .
this is the first degree of the year in 2004 .
he &apos;s a short degree of the prison , and he was recently filmed with someone who you all know .
each one is going to have a nine-year-old forum , but in different scientific disciplines .
i have my first computer as a teenager in accra and it was a really great device .
he &apos;s exploring the brain using mri and he said that this is the most beautiful brain he ever scanned .
so the next couple of slides i &apos;ll tell you about this is a short one .
transistors are getting smaller to allow that and that has made our technology much better .
our main team is behind this lens here .
i had a gut feeling that we &apos;re wrong .
so in this sense , it &apos;s a very simple object .
so we know what a radius is .
i like to call them the most powerful of the world &apos;s favorite , because they &apos;re kind of kind of a plastic problem .
we can see more detail in our galaxy than somewhere else .
and that brings us a factor of 20th .
so there was a bunch of alternatives to the idea that there was a supermassive black hole in the center of the galaxy , because you could put a lot of stuff there .
it &apos;s a lot more powerful than the other and the cloud will be ripped apart .
and i hope that i have convinced you at least that we have a really supermassive black hole in the center of the galaxy .
one day i was in the streets of new york , and i saw some kids between the stairs , cars and fire fire .
for example , people liked the 11th in the 11th century that was so determined .
in the first eight centuries of this tradition , the great &quot; what &quot; is to appreciate god and to prices .
through new and improved instruments , the age of the hyperactivity broke .
but one question is : what happens when the music stops ?
michael blakley thomas : music and feelings over time
so we &apos;re at the beginning of a new computer program .
until 1945 , they brought it on 100,000 year .
so i &apos;m going to talk about the ted story , although i don &apos;t know where to start .
wow , a volunteer , great !
but recently , my interest was in a new view of a new view of big crowds , because there are conditions where this is really cool .
well , i think this is the latest development of a phenomenon that we call &quot; apocalypse innovation . &quot;
but the element of desire is really the most important .
we get amazing talks from them .
let me introduce you to sam &apos;s point .
but even if you &apos;re going to get the screen , there &apos;s a lot more than just words .
thousands of individuals and organizations share their knowledge and their data online .
it &apos;s not crazy ; it &apos;s happening right now .
how do we promote global innovation ?
first , i have to take a service of the audience , and talk about what i &apos;m going to give him instead of saying , instead of saying what i can &apos;t offer .
and that they &apos;re fun to design their own ultimate , ultimate or worst tedtalk .
well , you can &apos;t compare them to each other .
they keep them alive and give them the sugar , such a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of thing we call the superpower .
this kind of test is used , ok ?
somebody asked , &quot; why ? &quot;
and he thought he could reverse the waves . he couldn &apos;t .
i think there are three big changes , and that &apos;s in the areas transparency , choice and accountability where people have really power .
how do we do that ?
my favorite , sharon , sharon , said , in the world , there are more photos of their head than any other .
11 of 14 countries .
and secondly , teachers looked at the most popular and the visitors as comfortable as an helpful diagnostic , because they &apos;ve taken a sense of a specific sense of consciousness .
so i wish all of a beautiful weekend .
and to read dna and write , it will always be easier and cheaper .
shane works alone .
now you might ask yourself , &quot; what would i do in a computer scanner ? &quot;
if you have the world &apos;s whole world , this can lead to a more powerful , which is going to be allowed to do biotechnology .
the kingdom says , his laws allow him to be alien , or a foreign risk , or a risk of health , or a risk of health or the values of the state .
these laws are a blow into the face of science and based on bias and ignorance and a pharmaceutical system of traditions and a selective sponsor .
why are you going to be pregnant if you &apos;re positive ? &quot;
one of 10 new people who are being inject drugs .
so social worker , the condoms that are spreading condoms to endangered levels of animals , are not being tracked by the police , or they &apos;re actually being locked in .
here were children born , people died there .
office for personal work is already obsolete .
they &apos;ve gone down the high line , the road , the river below the street , and you get from a end of the end to another , without crossing the most expensive .
people say , &quot; we don &apos;t want to live in tiny apartments . &quot;
also jobs should be shared .
their liver makes the oil .
and they killed around the 12,000 sharks at the time by actually putting a solar tag from the most violent in the bay bay bay .
we know very little about them .
so this tag is going to find the place of a shark , depending on time and the sunset , the water and depth .
let &apos;s look at the gagarin , which has been passed to the genes that are passed from the parents , then we see basking sharks , compared to the first study , a factor of 10 less diversity than others .
so , by the refined , these research and found that the size of the 9,000 is the size of 9,000 .
and what was okay . we got wet . no problem .
and i thought , &quot; hey , i can build . &quot;
so if we can tell the gender of the shark before we take a sample , we can say , if you were a male or female .
so i decided to give myself the vendor .
your body will be cut down with a little bit of time , and you &apos;re actually used to be used for any of the things that you &apos;re doing to make money -- people tell you a lot of these stories .
no business with no one .
my journalism may not fit in other continents or in other countries , in my part of africa , but it works . is it about corruption , questions that people immediately ask : &quot; where are the evidence ?
aa thank you .
i was raised in downtown manhattan in the early 1980s , two blocks away from the most violent of the ocean .
i was not reading as a designer .
and had these people ever met a victim of their own family ?
today , in 29 states , you can be fired in more than half of the country , because of its sexuality being fired .
and i eventually realized that my mission &quot; gay &quot; was to photograph &quot; gay &quot; in itself , because there was a million different types of plastic of gay .
at least i hope that it &apos;s going to be harder to get human rights .
first , the world is , and it &apos;s always good and bad , because good and evil , yin and yang are the most powerful .
and third , i had access to all 1,000 pictures that were made the soldiers .
three ways : the conventional way is called the world &apos;s .
this is stanley milgram , a jewish boy from the bronx , and he said , &quot; could the holocaust happen , here and now ? &quot;
&quot; my lord , who is responsible if it happens to him ? &quot;
stanley milgram and i closed both the high school , by the james , in the bronx , in the bronx .
here &apos;s the guards with the symbols of power and anonymity .
the other thing . the other thing .
alexander ornish says that the border between good and evil is through the heart of every human being .
and i put the experiment on the next day .
and he said , &quot; i did what everybody could do , &quot; no big thing , to jump on the tracks .
it &apos;s a mystery that really has been very difficult to explain .
we have a self .
but on my left retina , a computer is a key , which is the red arrow .
there &apos;s only one reference point , which is the body .
i promise that i &apos;m not saying anything , except that it &apos;s supposed to be a scary thing .
and the autobiographical self has extended memory , thinking , imagination creativity and language .
thank you . thank you for sleeping -- and worship hill .
now i &apos;m telling you this -- i &apos;m telling you , and i &apos;m going to make it ridiculous , because i think feminism has partly the task , admit , the aesthetics , and beauty and fun .
we don &apos;t want a hero .
you can see , i &apos;m not in fire .
she talked about the design of the day , she founded , she organized , she organized her friends -- all of these everyday acts of care and creativity .
i mean , it &apos;s that perception that &apos;s different from the homo sapiens of the former state of previous .
in fact , this is a sensor for brainwaves that reads the electric activity in my brain while i think this talk .
we &apos;re going to have a lot of prototypes and products that you can control with thoughts , like thought-controlled appliances , or a floating chair .
the headset is wireless with a ipad or a smartphone .
as these kids can use their new consciousness to their recovery , many of the harmful and the social media systems are turning around , which people who are being diagnosed as different , to see themselves .
they understood the power of human narrative and that the value we &apos;re going to change on people changes , change and growing .
and said , &quot; how are you going to celebrate ? &quot;
my skills and my opportunity .
temporary , and unexpected , they gave them .
this is not a case of the gun that was holding my eyes .
i went to a track that i know .
and it &apos;s very slow , very slowly .
i didn &apos;t really believe in my mind , not really , not all the stocks of me , all the little ones in all of us .
that &apos;s me . my whole thing .
what we have is exactly the same thing that &apos;s the same activity , but in one of them , they feel great , and in the other , with only one small change in the posture , they feel terrible .
but i think it &apos;s a different debate that has to be , which is to go to control of control , which we have about our tax rate .
for the percent of the money , you could have been able to install the trains in the trains , which would not have reduced the duration of the journey , but what the pleasure and the utility would have improved more .
i &apos;m not asking for the full characteristic of one over the other .
sometimes the lines are very , very long .
i think the danger in the world today is that the field of economics is understood as a field of economics to human psychology .
the average answer would have been 50 to 60 percent .
it will be a little bit of time that you don &apos;t even hurt yourself , other people .
yay !
they &apos;re 20 , 30 years back .
but that didn &apos;t mean i have a coin with my head on both sides .
it &apos;s not hard to solve this problem .
but that &apos;s our skin of the visible universe .
thank you .
with hyperscore , we had good effects , actually , very strong effects in children around the world , and now people are at all ages .
it &apos;s about a man , rich , successful , powerful , who wants to live forever .
hello . my name is dan &apos;s favorite , i &apos;m 34 years old and i have cerebral cables .
this is actually the score of dan &apos;s piece that he &apos;s completely written in hyperscore .
odysseus said , &quot; well , let &apos;s make a more powerful .
there &apos;s a present self first .
i have to write five pages a day for articles , or i had to give five dollars .
it &apos;s not possible that this is going to work today . &quot;
and i &apos;m going to show you some of these tools here .
the last thing i &apos;m going to show you is the last ted machine , is something i &apos;ve done with hal &apos;s , which was introduced me from my co-author to a previous project , bill sharpe .
it &apos;s pretty good that it &apos;s not about the people , because if one of the faces smiles , then the other face is going to be cut out .
this is one of the reasons that so much of what we think about western science , math and engineering , actually in the first few centuries of our foreign species , has been developed by the most important , the most important and the most sophisticated .
x is the unknown because there &apos;s no &quot; sh . &quot;
so it &apos;s not that if you &apos;re talking about mental illness , you probably have stories of the disease , shame and discrimination in almost all of the life .
something more than 30 years ago , the nations of the world were meeting in southern europe and gave these legendary explanation .
what &apos;s it about ?
if you look at the level of species , you &apos;ve heard about the fish .
so , if you look at these profits , you see that almost 8,000 of these dollars are actually subsidies .
that was in the early airlines when india wanted to be driving up -- as a means to the rise -- to china with his feet of growth , nine , 10 percent , and asked , why can &apos;t we do that ?
it &apos;s not a happy situation that you can do , but you have trust and the courage , and you say , &quot; we &apos;ve calculated .
green carbon , so the emissions through deforestation and agriculture , and blue carbon together are 25 percent of our emissions .
richard feynman was a very complex man .
we loved winning it .
i didn &apos;t know what these things were doing , dick , by the way , not .
i also liked these intellectual folk workers .
and he said he would have had the same relationship in his father .
there was a theory .
he did it again .
they don &apos;t move , and because they don &apos;t move in the course of the experiment , you don &apos;t have to worry about how they move .
we removed the whole thing , and the color color , which is just a fantastic aluminum aluminum .
many of these ideas produced to the trailers of airstream for airstream .
if you think about it , your children to send the tinkering school , you &apos;ll get to the computer , you &apos;re going to come back with a little bit of time , and you &apos;re going to come back .
but let &apos;s play it under your own conditions and trust me , you &apos;ll learn things that you can &apos;t learn from the most violent of the world &apos;s disease .
if you want to throw a device next time , you don &apos;t .
i think that &apos;s all . this is number five five . okay .
so here you see the sick knee on the left , and here my wife is walking up today , four months after , in aspen , and in good constitution .
how about a completely valid , not just sharing the parts ?
this is one of the seven times more existing , which is not going to be shot in all of the time .
and so it came to buy the year of bureaucracy in the years of buying europe , to first thousands , then hundreds and hundreds of thousands of individuals , and then millions of individual , little paper that should bring a middle of hell in the sky .
but how does our imagination work ?
but we never think about the hidden connections .
as edison invented the light bulb , she looked like this .
you have to be quite smart , and even though i don &apos;t have college college , it doesn &apos;t mean i &apos;m stupid , because you can &apos;t be stupid , and it &apos;s going to be a lot of the way to get it in the world .
they literally have the door of the door .
if you listen to the most powerful , you &apos;re both listening to your own ears .
we have the problem that the antenna are flowing up .
thank you very much .
i &apos;m particularly interested in systems and the most important thing .
recently , i &apos;ve created some pretty sophisticated design systems from the rotten carbs .
and i drew her own special card , and i wrote her name on the top of her name , and she would send her to the name .
i &apos;m sure i can see how you &apos;re going to be a little bit of a sudden .
and i &apos;m convinced that it &apos;s a lot of the time that it &apos;s a lot of valuable and limited life on this earth in the same way .
in this mode , he tries to keep his position .
i thought i &apos;m going to tell you a little bit about how nature creates materials .
we &apos;re going to think about future technologies . we start in the beginning of the world .
and if you look at it , you see the amino acids with the rna acids , where they have different charges .
and through a sequence of a series of plastic , you can get one of a billion fish that you want to do , like a battery or a solar cell .
in this case , you see the sound of the box .
if you ask people to ask the question , where do you go to do something important ?
i sat on my desk , i &apos;ve used my expensive computer .
what happens -- sometimes you have this days where you wake up eight o &apos;clock in the morning , or when you get up , and you &apos;re going to say , &quot; man , i don &apos;t really sleep well .
in the office , most of the beans and distractions that people actually have from work , participants .
we all know that this is true . they would never experience a spontaneous meeting that employees are going to be .
meetings and managers are the two main problems in companies , especially in offices .
maybe every two weeks , or every week , once the week , the week , no one can talk to you .
you know , to be honest , i &apos;m doing this now , and i don &apos;t know how the future will look .
but if you ask people to be the three key things they &apos;re wearing , they don &apos;t care what culture and what context -- most people say , the key , the money , and if you own one , the mobile phone .
but , this is a very big but , we have the tendency to forget .
well , i want to give you a practical example of delegation .
they take 10 or 20 percent of the time , and then the owner of the company takes 10 or 20 percent of the time , and there &apos;s the rest of the bar in bar to my family .
it challenges the norm .
and he kind of has a recognition for the values of the slow .
at the same time , the distribution of these mobile devices are a expectation of availability .
our present reality is less interesting than the history we &apos;ll tell later about .
what are we talking about ?
dean ornish shares us new research research , showing how the native public lifestyle can affect a human level of genetic lifestyle , and he says that if we live healthier , we &apos;re going to make better food , exercise and love our brain cells actually .
until i tell you who said it .
within this context , we can obviously feel regret about many different things .
when i went home , after i got my tattoo , i stayed almost the whole night .
but i want to suggest that there &apos;s another fifth .
i mean , even the dumb answer to all of us can let us back in a lifetime .
and as i said earlier , i &apos;m a more happy one .
i thought i would try to do my ted wish , and i would try to do what i &apos;m trying to do , and how this fits to what they &apos;re trying to do .
no in india . now there &apos;s at least half a million active .
and i came up with the idea that someone in this whole ngo has to think about the organization of the world &apos;s organization .
and so we did that .
listen to this : less than four tenth of one percent of the one percent that were treated , the chance of their medicines or the other way to get their treatment .
it &apos;s a try and i think it &apos;s successful .
the desks are not square .
if the temporary is used , it will produce 8,000 watts of electricity , day and night .
and people are bringing their green industries , hopefully their green restaurants , with green school .
the local women from bali cooking food on the food service and they use secrets that only know their grandmothers .
we need somebody who comes and studied this .
the green school is a model that we built for the world .
my tongue , voice and vocal vocal were still healthy and not fit . &quot;
then apple alex , the best voice i &apos;ve heard about .
there was one reason for that : that was me .
the most important thing is not of course .
but that &apos;s not what it is .
at first , the internet was a tool for me , and now it &apos;s something i &apos;m going to leave for my real , daily life .
it &apos;s human to ignore disease .
you all know the test for artificial intelligence , the test test .
i was an architect , and my grandmother asked me , &quot; what are you living ? &quot;
we treated two main pages as a single side , because it &apos;s the readers that are true .
so what is the lesson behind this ?
but one day , my grandmother said , &quot; no , this time you &apos;re crying .
it &apos;s happened and terrible things happened with me .
all of the hope in my healing .
so they went to their own and they collected their own furniture , and they gave me a little bit of furniture , and they gave me a pots , and they gave me a bunch of things .
you don &apos;t know how far away this road is and you don &apos;t know if you go straight and you hear cars and you have a terrible accident , and you had a terrible accident that you &apos;ve got in this situation .
i thought that some reason that there was time , and only for family and friends were stopped .
for example , the understanding of molecular structures .
he took me to the most popular of the computer .
can we say we &apos;d all discovered the symmetries of the alhambra ?
i can &apos;t turn it up because i &apos;ve built a little bit of a little bit of a challenge , right ?
if i turn a magic move , and then one , it makes a third .
galois has set up a series of laws for how these tables , these symmetries , interact .
so , one of these symmetry is called the &quot; technology . &quot;
instead of all mess , i want to know how many digits have the number of things . ok ?
i need your last name . symmetrical objects have basically -- please spell it for me .
first , worse diet , maybe shorter food .
thomas edison had a very high software company in a software company .
penicillin was discovered in the 40s , but even in 1940 , no commercial and medical useful amounts of it .
it was the origin of the world &apos;s first year , which had his 50th birthday .
for me , the lesson of unintended consequences , that chaos is now happening . let &apos;s do the best thing .
it works in every computer and browser , minus , minus , minus , and the text is smaller .
they don &apos;t need to delete them too .
and so a kind of information that i &apos;m inspired by , i &apos;m going to inspire my real desk .
a means of this would be something like a computer system , so you get the more traditional desktop , and the things are in the grid .
now i get to my music , and i &apos;m not going to get the heart of people and there &apos;s no limits .
but i think the point is , it &apos;s metaphor with bite , and with such a bite , i want to suggest that we &apos;re going to rethink the role of contemporary mathematics a little bit -- not just just the math , but math in general .
and he said , &quot; well , there &apos;s 2,000 physicists today on wall street and i &apos;m one of them . &quot;
you can find them here : this is a book about flies that you might have on amazon .
these are not the most important ; that &apos;s culture .
you can do it very , very far .
and it &apos;s not the money that &apos;s actually so interesting .
go ahead . shake . louder !
i want to tell you a secret .
so , intersections without traffic traffic , so with stop , save many lives , but there &apos;s a permanent profit of them .
the answer is to allow cars to get from this side of the street .
warren buffet had recommend this : to say , &quot; honestly , what does it work and do not to make this a annual thing .
in fact , we see the genetic disease that it &apos;s the only known disease because of the living people in africa , even more people have been formed to get a lot of things to the world &apos;s population .
this means that the economy in these areas are being locked in , because it &apos;s just so much stopping .
but there &apos;s no more sophisticated one .
not only was she weak ; she &apos;s getting weaker .
a teacher of the top quartile will be measured by the performance of his class -- in a year , 10 percent increase .
but it &apos;s not a relationship to being a better teacher .
&quot; what happens here ? &quot;
and these free courses could not only be available in the internet , but you can also make dvds everywhere , so everybody can have access to a very high teacher .
traditional vessels , like this cup , takes eight to 10 hours to burn .
the sculptor richard serra talks about how he thought he was a young artist , he was a painter and he lived after his school school .
when i look at these photographs , i &apos;m going to go back to the smoke , and i went home to my family when i went home .
my parents were great . they said , &quot; we know you &apos;re afraid , but let &apos;s just go tomorrow .
but is it so bad to keep us so powerful ?
this is a mass of general in boston .
the desired representation takes the sample , it &apos;s a , it &apos;s a , it &apos;s a little bit of time , and then it &apos;s going to be able to explore it under the microscope and then informed the operating room .
so in this combination , a solution to this very repetitive molecule , with a dye , with a dye , shown green , to be able to avoid the patient &apos;s surface of cancer , can &apos;t separate the molecules .
with a lot of the lymph nodes as part of our today , the surgeon &apos;s surgeon is looking for the individual nodes , the lymph nodes , where the cancer begins .
if nerves are damaged , they can cause paralysis , and pain .
if we put these two samples together ...
we know that this is doable and we &apos;re determined to realize this .
and this cell is one of the thousands of different types of dna that we learn .
it will affect the normal circuits as well as the sick ones they want to fix .
and one morning in the summer of 2004 , we tried it and it &apos;s been working on the first time .
we &apos;ve shown that already a short dragline of these cells are going to drive to learn .
and it &apos;s going . now .
i want to end with a story that we believe that maybe clinical use might be able to use .
now you can see that the animal actually goes to the walls and the little platform can be used and use its eyes .
buildings are the canary in the air , and the microbes are in the air , and they &apos;re just through mechanical engineering .
and if you &apos;re out of it , the air contains microbes that are associated with the most common and dirt .
obviously , i &apos;m a physical person , as you see , so i had no worry , that thing , i don &apos;t worry about that thing 20 blocks .
the same thing for the question , who after 9 / 11 was living the streets in my neighborhood ?
and you can get a list .
one of these things i &apos;ve been experimenting with is something called google share , basically , you just take a abstract term and search at google after that , and then you look at these results after the name of someone .
this is britney spears . i mean , ok , interesting .
if you have the second side here , most of them are link to the most .
what was normal for us 40 years ago -- that &apos;s what stories tell us about generations -- is rarely .
in 1939 , the film is older than most grandparents of our members .
was the story good told ?
why do we see that not with the same passion as reading ?
in california , they &apos;re going to send them to a alert : &quot; this product contains chemicals that are from the state of california as a cause of cancer , and the other of the other things that are seen . &quot;
so maybe we could develop a more sophisticated , which requires humility , and for my profession as an architect , it &apos;s a bad thing that words &quot; humility &quot; and &quot; architect &quot; has been mentioned for &quot; the eternal source &quot; no longer in the same heel .
i don &apos;t know if you remember his answer , but it was , &quot; the stone stone didn &apos;t end because we &apos;re walking out of the stones . &quot;
and that can be very , very well , but we did it in houston , and all the windows are closed . and with all the products that obviously didn &apos;t have been designed for using the use of electricity , that &apos;s actually a vertical water system .
if we look at the word competition , i &apos;m sure most of you use it .
since we &apos;ve been able to put the 4,000 most frequently in a database of the most common , we &apos;ve been able to put the public in six weeks of public .
now we have 160 pounds of heavy marketing , the internet &apos;s internet .
we started commercial and mixed using buildings so that all people and places have , where they can stop .
and this is the most powerful thing in utah .
and that &apos;s not true . let &apos;s tell none of you that we knew that all of us knew because we didn &apos;t know .
for example , they &apos;re starting to start the most ancient at microsoft 11th , in yahoo , at the 12th of march , and then the other one : google , facebook , skype , apple and so on .
i chose sweden because sweden is similar laws , like the united states .
and whoever tells you , he didn &apos;t have to hide anything about it long enough .
their email were read and she talked to the most popular and said , &quot; if there &apos;s no right to privacy , it can &apos;t be real free speech , and therefore no effective democracy can be . &quot;
many people , if you see a fresh human brain , say , &quot; normally it looks different if you &apos;re showing a brain . &quot;
all these empty areas , the areas where the cloud are walking through .
and the nature of a particular cell , to basically power , is to be able to be able to do which the 25,000 genes are turned on and what threshold they &apos;re on .
now experts come to play and make basic anatomical technologies .
we &apos;re taking this material and put it on a so-called called the so-called .
so what can scientists learn from this data ?
they look at their entire genomes and they try to find out the world &apos;s genome , which is linked to the genes .
whether that &apos;s the individual genetic background or your experience , we don &apos;t know .
that we know how to eradicate poverty , we just need to do more for it ?
so here &apos;s a couple more questions .
how do you know ?
so what is the problem ?
well , it was all right before .
and it was made many experiments that all came to the same outcome , so i &apos;m going to just talk about one .
so what is the best ?
we need this kind of information . we need more of it , and we need to drive politics .
and maybe we start small , with things where we &apos;re safe , they &apos;re acting .
poverty is more simplistic than scientific work , and a lack of data about the effects of the impact of the world &apos;s impact is the question of how to pull this up . but , in fact , esther duflo says it &apos;s possible to figure out what damage and damage -- with help .
so we start , because africa is a certain way of thinking about it .
and the legend reported that alexander was walking through this desert .
but you could say , &quot; invest in africa with 1,000 languages , and it wouldn &apos;t move . &quot;
so let &apos;s look at the countries , and the specific materials and data .
i want to talk this from the perspective of the capital capital .
in tanzania , last week of the standard of the standard , the standard was called the life .
if i had to ask them , &quot; what was the world &apos;s greatest performance in 2005 with the world &apos;s best performance ? &quot;
because there are amazing opportunities .
&quot; god &quot; is the journey we all want to be to be inspired and feel one with the universe , which is the life that lives .
you &apos;re going to turn a switch -- there &apos;s electric light .
i don &apos;t know why , but they thought .
i &apos;m going to run that , so you can take that kind of thing and i &apos;m going to describe my response to the first time i &apos;ve seen that .
right .
ok , switch , raise your right hand .
kt : yeah .
kt : no , no . i just see the street .
i couldn &apos;t see through the blindfold .
again , again .
kb : how often did you feel that ?
let &apos;s close your eyes , five , four , three , two , one .
only if you want the pressure to cut down , you make a more powerful , so you just , but only if you want the pressure to cut down .
do you want to try it ?
you feel a certain sense of emotion , and if you feel the emotion , i want you to throw the bottle of the bottle into the bottle .
there &apos;s one thing that i want to share with you .
ready ?
my hand is , here , in the blink of the room .
kb : ok . do you think he &apos;s here , yes or no ?
first of all , keith barry , as our brain can be able to get our bodies -- with a trick of the brain , and then it &apos;s working on a few of the amazing moves of brain magic .
i &apos;m going to be a little bit of a college .
this is not for the one of four . that &apos;s for all four .
i watched both religious people are equally obsessed with morality .
the most important thing is , almost zero , if there &apos;s no stimulation to create .
you get the message from the computer : &quot; person 1 has sent them to this crowd .
we showed that the gift of oxytocin is increasing in the order of generosity to 80 percent .
i &apos;ve just found the molecule .
he asked me , &quot; what should we do ? &quot;
experiments are we have testosterone men .
this tells us that we invented this ritual to connect us with this new few emotionally .
and it &apos;s very easy to engage a brain to the brain .
to run the device to run , you need a lot of people .
or should you do that ?
they were pretty paranoid : &quot; you &apos;ve given us a device that works only on english . so we taught ourselves english , so we can use it . &quot;
i decided to destroy my own argument by making a ridiculous statement .
absurd . but i had to follow the victorian norm .
how is this tomorrow going to be ?
we have to reverse this imbalance , to pleasure from threat .
i think it &apos;s the focus here .
i asked all of the incredible questions -- &quot; when was the beginning of the world ? how will it end ? &quot; -- at nine-year-old .
and just one last thing .
maybe we should go to the next piece , because i just lost the thread .
he went to local pradesh in uttar pradesh and found that he was led to the official papers as dead .
so this area is a space area .
birke is in the privileged layer , which is able to pay multiple more , and lead several households , common .
after these four children , you see young sister who are going to follow their children who were killed .
and finally , there was one single person who was sitting for me and later his participation , so i had to put him on , so i had to get him out of it .
with 16 , the children have to leave the orphanage , even though they can &apos;t go anywhere .
one of the interesting things is , of course , the naked hand on the instrument and the technology , and of course , what he said about listening to our young people .
now my career could continue to continue .
and i said , &quot; well , how do you hear it ? &quot;
from him comes from the sound of the chamber .
or we do this , and believe that , that &apos;s what blindness is .
rain . not bad . not bad .
single time , but why can &apos;t i do that if i &apos;m learning a piece of music ?
in this case , the dove of the dove , evelyn glennie , shows why that &apos;s a lot more than sound that &apos;s going to be made of music on its eardrum .
and it became so big until the point where it was a little year of the last year at tedglobal &apos;s thanksgiving , and rick mandelbrot &apos;s and &quot; dig millions of people in television . &quot;
but that &apos;s not the interesting thing about it .
cp : you &apos;re lucky that it &apos;s not going to be live to you .
peace and love were mentioned .
cp : yeah , but you still don &apos;t know what to think about .
this is 10 times longer than mammals needed to reach their maximum body size and to conquer all these habitats .
we &apos;re very similar to the dinosaurs , and we &apos;re unusual in our bitter attitude .
basically it &apos;s a country that has no idea of our work in the beginning of our work .
this is an adult in his jaw .
paul has never seen a fossil that &apos;s like this .
these are all the things that are all the way . there &apos;s a series of possibilities .
i became an artist and started drawing .
the question is -- and we &apos;re dealing with this question for centuries -- how to participate in science .
bad news for derartu tulu tulu -- some other points of the same idea , underneath the olympic union and paula radcliffe , which is a hugely , very , very , very , very far , with the fastest , the fastest .
show me a animal with a computer interface and gills , and then it has something to do with water .
we don &apos;t have our physical strength , because we &apos;re the largest largest power in the jungle .
now , emily ornish -- one of 500 , and a number of ceos -- it ends up looking at the best 10 , even though they &apos;ve done all the time , and they &apos;re going to be able to beat their baby to quiet -- and to defeat their baby &apos;s head .
that &apos;s all we could do .
but maybe it &apos;s different .
stop putting the focus on these online issues where you failed , if you need four hours .
in the robotic engineering , it was always about interacting with things , not with people -- not with a social way of course , which would be for us and really help people accept robots as part of our daily life .
cookie monster is very , very bad .
the remote one was a experimenter from our group , which they used three of three different technologies to interact with the participants .
and with this technology , you can become the active participants in life in your grandchildren , in a way that it &apos;s not possible today .
and the third way was a simple journal with paper and pen , because that &apos;s the most important thing that you normally use when you start a training program and a sport program .
another important idea is this idea of the character of the character .
i have style , laughter , really hard , because it &apos;s not going to be a box , but to become a little bit of the n .
walk away , not far . i &apos;m fire : &quot; bang ! &quot; the god &apos;s falling between two of the cars .
when he wrote on a computer party , i was before the door .
i &apos;m going to show a number of photographs and movies , but i also do a little bit of a little bit of advertising , books and a little bit of advertising , all with the same concept .
from photography , this is going to be the kind of squid , and they &apos;re longing to desire and , you know , you can &apos;t have the more .
as you can get into the collective consciousness , without that we know that , and how that happens .
it &apos;s very commercial .
and then you change the photo that he &apos;s going to take , and suddenly it &apos;s going to be quite serious and maybe less accessible .
85 percent of global health care for heart disease is in developing countries -- not in the west -- and yet 90 percent of the means in the west .
just to treat . look at the situation in mauritius .
but if you tell them , so we &apos;re trying to do the same thing in nigeria , then all the continued .
it allows the existence of the existence of centers , and we can use the experience very clever .
prevention has to be part of the solution -- that &apos;s important to us .
and we start a science technology program so that we can make local people , which can repair the equipment .
autism has a very large range of bandwidth , very massive -- the child doesn &apos;t develop language -- until brilliant scientists and engineers .
i love the film , as you all have my projects , and that &apos;s the goose in me .
well , what i learned early , because i wasn &apos;t so social , i &apos;m my work to sell and not myself .
another thing is the sensory problems .
with other words , a problem with the equipment of a computer system .
the movie of dr is called .
i made a lot of time during the school class , and i built things and learned how to do tasks .
another very , very big idea , is to let kids of some of the many of the senior explorers , and they &apos;re teaching the children &apos;s children .
tg : i have passion for doing things that i do , the world i do .
it &apos;s a distributed reality that can pursue projections and connect systems , or just a digital storyteller .
the fifth time i stand at this coast , the cuban minister of the world , i look out on the far horizon and belief , again , that i will create the whole way over the long , dangerous wilderness of a ocean .
but it was deeper : how much life is there ?
and then there &apos;s our main process that you never really tell me how far it is , we don &apos;t know how far it is .
but quite frankly , all these talks i &apos;ve been doing was just to get the most of the time to get the most different , they were very different .
thank you very much and fun at the conference .
and that may be the most important thing , he lost his self-worth .
he &apos;s taking the army . the army gives him a rifle .
so , what happens when a medium suddenly brings a lot of new ideas into circulation ?
they quickly had to synchronize what other philosophers knew . otherwise you couldn &apos;t have the right kind of discussion .
but there was a programmer that decided that that was not the best way of working .
each of you can do changes and you can wrap them up to the work of the work , even if you knew nothing about the existence of each other before .
this is called a &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; right here .
something significant , that can happen to a culture , is that you can acquire a new kind of energy , and you can get a new computer problem , right ?
don &apos;t try to improve what others do , because it doesn &apos;t get very far .
and if somebody says you can &apos;t , you don &apos;t hear it , then you don &apos;t hear it .
six to nine months to the worst season .
but we &apos;ve tested this rover , before we put them there -- or this one rover -- and they made sure that everything works .
so we sent a spacecraft to mars , which is called phoenix . this probe is going to land in 17 days , seven hours and 20 seconds , so you can put your clocks .
and that would be bad .
we &apos;re in this , as we &apos;re talking to the next rover , to design the next rover we want to send to mars .
and i know many of you have meant to have the last time that these airbags are really cool things .
there were two satellites that were particularly interested in us .
it &apos;s like the cycle on earth , but because it &apos;s so cold , it can &apos;t be water , because water would be frozen .
today i want to talk about how this exponential technology is growing .
so , let &apos;s see how exponentially growing technology affects health care .
this is an example of this kind of thing .
there &apos;s already wireless things .
and i think many of these technologies are going to help us be connected to our patients and take us more time , to focus on the important human elements of medicine that are augmented by this kind of technology .
but the current trend in medicine is , exponentially smaller .
come to genomics when we were doing the first human health project 10 years ago , the cost of a billion dollars .
and thanks to the websites like the way that you can see , or the management of your data on the ground , or google health , it will always be more important , all of these possibilities on a very much more important way .
we used the cells from the bone marrow to treat a patient with heart attacks , we realized a better amount of energy and higher , and the use of the own brain system , which determines cells to a heart attack .
my poem is called &quot; stop . &quot;
their cats , god knows how many , the ones that are on their own , their height , a water smell .
how you cross the air tiles on the road , which is the road , in the street , not looking at me , &quot; can you help me ? &quot;
i was afraid of a piece of mine , except control , and i would be stuck in the shocking of her favorite , and i would be stuck in the shocking of her own favorite .
but i &apos;m afraid that the most important thing comes from and i &apos;m going to show his head .
if we love , she &apos;s holding me around , i &apos;m there , i &apos;m not there .
we &apos;re looking for images that are going to attract attention to critical issues , images that are the most important , the religions are the religions that are going to transcend us , and to do something with other words : to act .
in 80s , the stigma was a tremendous obstacle with this disease , or to discuss it , or also mention it .
jonathan klein : photos that changed the world
i had read a lot of books and studied and studied and study .
i could see the flag on the stick , and i was able to put the flag on the floor , and i mean , ah , a second moment , and the music went to a street .
finally , at the morning of the day day , we got the most popular thing , we got the helicopter -- two helicopter in the kitchen -- the one that i put on the edge of the ice .
i knew that there was more open water , and i had a computer company .
i knew that , but i had a little anticipated .
this was the view of my tent , when i got this kind of call .
and just from the air , i saw the big picture .
and they were doing it , and they wanted to go back to the coast , and all five died on the left .
and that said a jewish man , so that &apos;s a lot .
but some days later , we thought , with our students , we were thinking about this , and we said , &quot; what would happen if this was not a little bit of this drunk guy in this condition ?
one day in the years of greenville , the coast of the coast of the pacific , in one of the most remote regions of the pacific , saw 20 american oil sheets of the pacific .
but in a certain point , most of the visions of this visions , and will get to adults .
they have the same structure .
some of us tend to be more specific than reading their fears .
right , it &apos;s a really amazing gift of imagination , a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a fantasy in the everyday life , a way to look at the future , if it &apos;s time , you look at it .
nothing happened . no violence . nothing .
we brought them into every room in the arab world -- international , global , through our english channel .
they were separated from their people , from the masses and now we &apos;re going to crash them , one after the other .
thank you very much .
because we discovered that it takes people care , and people want to be informed -- they receive the internet &apos;s license through our internet .
and frankie said , &quot; i &apos;m as a 22 year-old , and i see the needle coming up , and there &apos;s blood everywhere .
you want to share a needle as little as you want to share a toothbrush , even with someone you &apos;re going to be with .
so this is a picture of hundreds of studies of all the high animals in the united states , and this is the studies that are showing that the most effective is effective , quite many of them .
so you can see this awful images from africa .
i &apos;m now saying , oh , great , super .
ines is a key on the streets of the streets , and it &apos;s a girl with tail .
she was 105 years old when i was doing this photograph of her .
hey , hey , black-eyed susie , hey .
and a little banjo play . here &apos;s a little bit of a little bit of a car .
we were with the car at the time of the car , texas , where i spent my early childhood .
and mother was just like this car .
try it with this old song . i sing : there &apos;s a long white robe in heaven , i know .
originally , the brothers who were building the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the &quot; the sound of &quot; the body .
well , that &apos;s easier to say than done .
we were not stupid : we put a piece of plywood on about five feet away .
when the first thing was new , i was the thought of why you can &apos;t take the oldest to the oldest rhythms , the &quot; the rhythms &quot; rhythms , and combine it with the latest technology ?
well , i think it works because scientists are connected to an ethic .
it &apos;s significant to show the place in the room , because it &apos;s critical , not in terms of where other things are , but in terms of this absolute idea of space , that was for newton god .
and in a relational universe , the only possible explanation was that it &apos;s kind of created itself .
and you understand some things better than others , and therefore there &apos;s a more powerful thing , and there &apos;s a lot of the politics , and we take politics .
there &apos;s another tedster who talked about two years ago , jonathan haidt , who defined his work in three different levels .
and just to let everything there .
and as five months , he &apos;s going to experiment with a full kind of a complete piece of design .
that wasn &apos;t very successful . and so on and so on .
or philip glass or lou reed or the chemical brothers , who played all there , they had their own casa , and they all had their own casa musica logo .
after two weeks , three weeks , four weeks , five weeks .
a little bit of a little bit of time .
and it &apos;s a transition that has just been doing so much with the identity of living , like the memory of the dead .
but the most important thing , the most important representation of wealth , also shows the status of the deceased , and the family of the deceased .
if we could extend our definition of death to include life , we could experience death as part of our lives and perhaps death with something else than fear .
i wanted to end my show with a dance ...
your talk about the water in the water , and the relationship , the relationship between darwinism and the fact that we &apos;re all naked , less , and we can swim well .
ok , gordon , come on .
&quot; and now she has a cocktail . &quot;
eight years of u.s. history , eight minutes of my show , are just over .
and jack sivers says , &quot; because i want to be a better person . &quot;
&quot; do this world to a better place if you can .
so i &apos;m going to give you the message in advance : trying not extinct .
where are the little ? &quot;
here &apos;s the people again .
how you can imagine , is it a thing , a more powerful , a museum of a computer , but if you go to a museum and say , &quot; it doesn &apos;t matter if i &apos;m going to get your favorite card , right ? &quot;
and you could do that , you know , one thing .
so we &apos;re a lot of the time and we &apos;ve collected a lot of things , and we &apos;ve found a lot of animals .
so we know that torosaurus is actually a very frustrating triceratops .
it looks like it &apos;s even bigger .
we wanted to make an atmospheric architecture .
all the water of the world is serving , so we thought that after you &apos;re on the water , it &apos;s moving through the water , and you breathe water , you could drink the building .
the drill was mounted on a 12 .
then you get up in this glass elevator at the top of the glass .
before and after .
this is a guy from salt lake city . this is what the one looks like .
&quot; drawn &quot; -- as if you were seduced a little bit of a sudden .
it &apos;s not sure that this would be so taken if the editor would have been not a woman .
by the way , wired has been taking care of it .
analyze the news , talk to , if something is missing , like the people in the new york times .
these particular plant filters out and other volatile chemicals from the air .
m , i need most of the time , when i &apos;m going to try to figure out what &apos;s going to happen to try and figure out what &apos;s going to happen .
and then -- remember , when you put rice in a event , you &apos;d put it on a conference , and criticized it ?
pm : are you on resistance than you did this for the rationale of foreign policy ?
when i was secretary of secretary , only 13 women were foreign foreign secretary .
thank you for having them today .
malaria : there are eight countries in sub-saharan africa who could reduce their death rates 75 percent .
for the way we &apos;re a zone of the way that we &apos;re a zone , it &apos;s fair to say that i &apos;m so sexually turned to this kind of thing .
to be right today , in your capital , some of you , in those heavy times , the treasury cut and save the life-saving programs like global fund .
in the contrary , it could save a lot of life .
if we take this metaphor of a genome as a program , then you have to think that chris anderson is a little bit of a magic object , as jim watson , and craig venter , and all of us .
you design something like a cell phone , and in very abstract language , you &apos;re describing this cell phone .
this is normal dna , which is what you think is normal dna .
we heat them , add something salt , heat it almost to the end of the road and cool it , and as the most small strands of the long strands of the long and it &apos;s a structure .
so that &apos;s really good , and you can build patterns and form patterns , ok ?
you zoom in , there &apos;s only four strands of dna , and you &apos;re sitting on them , and you &apos;re sitting on the individual side of the building , if you fit .
we have a very , very reactive computer program where little changes -- tiny , individual mutations -- something that created a square of a size , and make something much bigger .
and the calculations used to be more productive , and to understand it and get it better in the handle , how feynman said , we need to build something to understand it .
but as we saw it , we had three main centers : a world class support support that has completely separate , and universal for everyone with a medical emergency , and universal for anyone with a medical means .
in modern time , where time is a great good , and the struggle about survival is hard , the ordinary human being is going to be human and pays to get the bribe to get on .
in my last 18 months as a lawyer , in the fight against small and large , the case of india &apos;s biggest business business , including the case of india &apos;s biggest business company .
sm : well , the most important cost were less than 200 rupees .
this is the global footprint of all the ted statements of the last four years , which is emerging across the world , from new york to the small new zealand here in the corner .
in such a lot of content , we &apos;re mostly doing a few things to make it easier .
so we use these online tools to find unique talks , which are a lot of different fields that are different in the creative ways , which is much more important for their topic , and that , which is really creative between the fields of the fields .
no wonder that it comes up with my colleagues because the truth is hard to digest .
the work of the design system could be equally good in a hospital like a hospital .
ted is ubiquitous .
how do things happen ?
second , for you , the most famous nature of modern american school , and the first one of the people who are teaching them to do .
and said , &quot; would you be ready to have a nuclear waste in your community ? &quot;
it &apos;s not to reach this . teach more ethics courses .
why ? because they &apos;re happy to do something that &apos;s right .
bill gates talked about the importance of education and in particular , in particular , that &apos;s what kipp does . &quot;
barry schwartz makes a passionate call for &quot; practical wisdom &quot; as an antidote to a society that has lost in the state of the world , and he argued that rules often fail to build incentives and practical wisdom , everyday wisdom .
&quot; by the way , dean , the arm must fit a 50 year-old , a half of a little finger , so the small fingers from the small finger , and he has to weigh less than four pounds .
it takes another nine to make it functional and useful . &quot;
he &apos;s doing what darpa asked me .
boys and girls have given enough .
it was amazing how positive they were .
he wants to help . he told me he wants to go back to help his buddies .
how do we get out ?
it can look like a tragedy or a farce .
ford moved . they &apos;re going to be a leg , and then the other one .
in london , i lived in a comic school with nothing as water .
and i have a lot of time . in my first attempt , my breath would stop my breath for a minute .
there are a lot of people who are going to come up with that deep .
he &apos;s a big size of the size , and it weighs .
because of the movement , i wasted oxygen .
then his favorite line came and broke his record .
and there was no way to slow my heart rate .
after 14 minutes , i had this horrible contractions of breathing like this .
as a magician , i try to show people things that seem impossible .
congratulations . you &apos;ve finished the institution now .
tamara , do you take that ?
even now , the human being is the most ignorant that the human civilization is going to be the waste of its civilization .
in africa , people have been consumed by 600 million wildlife , and two billion pounds of bush meat consumed .
first , even if all the co2 emissions were stopped today , the global warming would continue to continue .
and then we saw a case of the east coast of the united states , and it was moving over every year .
today , there &apos;s another movement . the movement , the earth , to save the earth .
the fifth of the fifth , whose image we see here died .
i want to give you a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of an introduction of what this change means : i want to explain to you what the effect of this change is for us and our biodiversity , but also how much of this change affects our culture .
and if it was just about that , it would be really interesting .
in this salmon , it &apos;s still a genetic incubator that &apos;s made of the intersection of a gene that &apos;s made of the abyss of the gene and another one of the other things that it &apos;s growing in much less food .
these are actually intersections and no real animals .
we took this animal to the autonomy . &quot;
in other words , that was the first creature in the history of this world , which had a computer as a parent -- it didn &apos;t have organic parents .
paul collier : the time it &apos;s time to question it &apos;s time
if darwin had only nasa .
melanin , in his various forms , probably exists on the earth for billions of years , and it &apos;s always been recruited by evolution , as often as it happens .
and only in the last 5,000 years with rising frequency and distance .
evolution helps us .
tell it to go .
so old and the other day he may be , so he &apos;s very complicated , and very simple -- and that &apos;s the same time .
then they measure ... and measure ... and measure ...
i kind of got a kind of a mathematical shift to put things that didn &apos;t actually have geometry .
she took this time from 1875 to 25 , an extraordinary era , which was the mathematics of the short time , from this world .
slow measurements , big jump , ... what ? bioenergy .
and that &apos;s a little bit of the time that it &apos;s about what &apos;s going on .
and that was one of my favorite things that was the same as the most important islands that these islands were the same as the most common thing -- but more or less .
should you remove the breast ? should you get them ?
right ? it &apos;s got to be a very appropriate , for that , for the most good thing .
anyone ? it &apos;s much harder .
that can happen in a medical environment .
and why not ?
a few months later , she goes back to the market when prices are the highest , in which so-called the so-called , when food is a little bit -- because they have to feed their family and not have choice .
it leads to very high school .
almost three years ago , i decided to leave my comfortable job as senior economist in washington , and in my inbox , to return to ethiopia , after almost 30 years in foreign abroad .
we build a system that &apos;s all operating , the integrity , trust , efficiency , efficiency and transparency , and the small farmers help to cope with the risks that i described .
we believe that this initiative requires big political will , and we need to adapt to the financial sector , and even the underlying legal framework .
my answer to this is a wall of bacteria from bacteria , which is going through the desert .
they &apos;re serious to the livelihood of millions of people , especially in africa and china .
a problem with the plants of trees is that people in this region are so poor that they &apos;re breeding trees to use them as a sewage .
and , after the crooked cost of 60 dollars for the bacteria you never had to pay again , a meter of a meter would cost about 11 dollars .
in a time , population growth and increasingly more likely to be able to be considered the brain &apos;s disease .
the world shows me opportunities , and i chose .
our goal is a resource of a resource , so that &apos;s so much , and completely , that one single dvd dvd is basically a single kind of a product of a wire .
all these eggs , the bacteria , bacteria , viruses can travel all in one gram of human instinct .
it &apos;s a wonderful instrument to the unfolding .
maybe you think it &apos;s just good enough , if these men are running shit , but it &apos;s also economically sense because they save a billion dollars every year .
with horror she found that the family had no toilet .
the pace of the pace is to provide people with sanitation , not reaching .
this reef in discovery bay , jamaica , were 20 years of coral reefs in the world .
he fed the slaves who were brought up on the top of the street , the song &quot; jamaica , &quot; which is a nice , &quot; rice rice salt &quot; -- is a model for the meaning of the brain &apos;s meaning in canada .
and we &apos;ve been able to do this in the last 100 to 150 years .
i &apos;ve talked about millions of times , but it &apos;s incredible .
the other species of climate change is the most important thing of the coral , it &apos;s a nice picture , right ?
that &apos;s not selling .
and yet , we &apos;re the best knowledge of our best knowledge .
what i saw ? stars , satellites , the planes -- typical of the way .
and what would be behind these kinds of things when it was ?
i was just embarrassed to be a little bit of the novel , because i didn &apos;t read the novel &quot; dune . &quot;
and it was so successful that it was even more powerful .
and the one is a living small city , and to get to the beach , she said , you have to have a bus and then take a boat .
one of them was joseph and he asked me what i did , and i explained .
and so we put in the case .
companies are asking goods for households -- we &apos;re -- and we &apos;re giving income to income , and that &apos;s even better , so we can spend these income for more goods and services .
the most popular , the most powerful , was under zero in 2008 , just before the crisis .
you can hear the thought of the five-year-old .
and at the same time , the solution is , because these aren &apos;t required to change human nature .
we need to actually invest in the notion of a meaningful wealth that &apos;s offering the opportunity to develop people .
first , it &apos;s called economists never to be able to get to be able to do something about their sound .
i painted it directly on the man .
it was about space and light .
this photograph was taken when i visited the bay bay in alaska to test the minerals management service in the test of their procedure , oil spills in ice , to watch the oil .
another aspect is that it spreads when it hits water .
and that &apos;s actually really a really enjoyable thing .
and then , of course , john d. rockefeller was rockefeller .
it was also reason for the national geographic act , the clean air act , the clean water act .
they have degrees in southern europe , in economics , they &apos;re entrepreneurs . they don &apos;t really want to do what they do .
if you look at people who earn 50,000 dollars in the years , the two children have two jobs , or more , and then they have to ski .
we need to do the whole thing like the kind of thing that we have , and you can find more about this policy .
the first person you certainly know .
here she tells you in a football star , &quot; afghan star &quot; of how your friends were beating , because they said they &apos;re not going to leave their friends to leave the democracy .
last year , when i was here , i talked about my swim on the north pole .
it feels like someone behind you and you &apos;re going to beat you with a hammer all the time .
and we sat down , and we &apos;re going to go out and get out of what was wrong there at mt . everest .
and the point of information about this , talking about it , talking about a hundred percent , because there &apos;s only very , very few things that can &apos;t be achieved if we &apos;re using our whole power for it .
this is a very simple thing . it &apos;s a very simple computer .
can we get a kind of a kind of laser ?
what i &apos;m going to show you here is that we can create a design system -- the b -- the b -- from a string of components that follow extremely simple rules .
these are three minutes of light .
and if you saw amy smith , she talks about how to get students to work with communities in haiti .
and it may be that all of us are overwhelming in the world &apos;s sensations today , and so connected , the number of problems we need to solve .
we &apos;re increasingly aware of that we don &apos;t even have to have the whole ever ever ever seen .
okay . i also have one .
can we connect to the natural ecosystems around us by putting rivers back to the world , and that &apos;s the kind of space that we have ?
as you can see , the death rate of 65,000 deaths per conflict , per year in the 1950s to 2,000 dead per conflict in this decade , so awful that is so awful .
because we did something right , and it would be good to figure out what it is .
they want the most sophisticated .
if not , one of the two people are going to be updated , right ?
the developing world used soap and water , immunization .
and now i have the most pessimistic on this axis .
and you remember the beginning of the last century , which was very bad , until this so-called big leap forward .
do you see how it grows ? and how hundreds of millions of people and billions of people are coming out of poverty ?
here we are . we have a continuity in the world .
look . this is the world .
they get clean water . they buy food for the poor . they &apos;re eating malaria .
and we need to think of the way we look at the world with facts .
don &apos;t make it quite africa . don &apos;t do it .
it &apos;s not sustainable . and it &apos;s not going to happen to the superpower .
and many of you have heard the term &quot; memes &quot; -- the evolution of technology is something i &apos;m very much paying attention to , so you know , one of the first things you had was a little bit of a little bit of a plastic .
my argument is basically that , well , the fact that we &apos;ve been in the world , is always part of our lives .
and this is pretty new , and i think it &apos;s going to be much worse -- this possibility -- because of developments in the information technology , in the information technology , which can be used as weapons or nanotechnology .
i do my best , okay .
&quot; the &quot; aw is our &quot; he &apos;s saved the people , &quot; he &apos;s saved the people , &quot; which was a pretty advanced kind of research .
we only have in six countries civil war , which means the media report only over six countries .
so , how should we put our money ?
none of these countries , including africa &apos;s nation , including africa &apos;s worth of oil , has ever been covered .
during this development , we were going to be the africans , the african , in the edge of development , and we &apos;re going to be freezing in our countries .
the management , mostly , is the most powerful billion .
we &apos;d like to interview them . &quot; and i said , &quot; great . &quot;
and now 14 of the diseases are treatable , two of them even .
so in the last 10 years , and as hope for the future , we &apos;ve seen the beginnings of a science of positive psychology : a science of what makes life worthwhile .
and i think there are three different -- and i call them different , because they &apos;re in different interventions , it &apos;s possible to have a rather different life -- three different happy lives .
but it turns out that there was no sexual trauma .
you don &apos;t see how much of the brain &apos;s work .
and what you find is that if you do something fun , the most fun thing is .
when i was a ph.d. 30 years ago , i thought , if i was good enough to make someone depressed , not afraid , not angry , i would make him happy .
a polar bear , floating in the arctic , recorded by paul &apos;s name .
but these so-called &quot; snapshot &quot; is coming up when all parts of the parts are left and not just the event , but also my emotional connection to it .
nick -- again with an automatic camera -- has thousands of photos shot from this .
sometimes you can tell a huge story in focused ways .
we want to find solutions .
and then somehow all of you go and jump .
thank you .
what &apos;s more important is that this is a very important process that you can capture in only three seconds : we can actually take emily in a period of less than one afternoon in several different types of different forms and the other afternoon .
emily : image metrics is a key , a computer company .
finally , i was involved in it .
there &apos;s also a few beautiful primates in the reserve .
but i was out of the west and worked in the east .
all over the place , all of the time , animals were killed , and animals killed the forest , and so on .
here &apos;s coltan , and gold is going to be .
one day we met with the most popular .
the elephant just , and they took the most of the time .
i don &apos;t think somebody can kill google , because google does the right , even if people use google google to connect to themselves .
corneille ewango : a hero of the congo
we have , almost without it , to have a market market moving from a market market .
you don &apos;t have to pay it from your budget .
i should educate them what happened to these experiments .
democracy doesn &apos;t need perfect equality , but it needs citizens to share a common life .
the u.s. as a leading nation in 1900 , because where the line is turning to red .
we &apos;ve got this gift in the &apos; 70s and &apos; 80s , when women were in the street .
electricity was also helpful in the emancipation of women .
an amazing fact for the world &apos;s point is that in the first half of the 20th century , the improvement of life expectancy is three times as fast as the second half of the 19th century .
this was the essay i was covering with 11 years and i got a two + .
i have some who thought about it for a long time : between five and 15 , this is what i would be doing , and that led to a sense of failure .
so if i look at creativity , i think that &apos;s the point , or the inability to be the connections that i see between virtually everything in life .
that &apos;s what buddhist fishermen say because they don &apos;t actually kill a living creature .
and they &apos;ll notice it more often .
and i had to find what was wired to the story .
how are we going to be the responsibility , what the responsibility and the causes are , outside of a dish ?
and you have to be in all possibilities , including that i &apos;ve never seen before .
i hope you &apos;ll see me , if i &apos;m going to talk about these examples , because i &apos;m actually talking about everything you could spend your time .
now there &apos;s magazines about water .
people pay the full price for both , and the only thing they have in common is that they don &apos;t have anything together .
the corners of the edges , the middle of the center , is the big market .
these guys represent the most powerful of the world .
but you don &apos;t have to be more restrained -- you don &apos;t have to be completely more accurate .
so what you need to do is figure out who it is .
nine months later , i &apos;m going to be wondering messages at tahrir square , and reason for this was a picture i saw in my favorite book .
thank you .
most of the time , the cultural legacy is in us , and the past is to look at it .
my first documentary for national geographic , where i realized that you can bring environmental problems in a documentary of nature , i had devoted to the story of nature .
these are the lions and tigers of the ocean .
and because i love sharks -- i &apos;m kind of obsessed with you -- i wanted to do another , more positive story about sharks to talk about the need of protection .
after i left the first time i had left that this habitat is going to be a new kind of new design system .
they also caught up in the wild .
but when the fish came back and back back , and the population of the population grew , the population grew up of seaweed in the flat water .
now , she lives in the jungle in the jungle , and this is a little bit of a , you know , your second son , by the way , the son of the second orangutans i &apos;ve rescued , the son of the second orangutans i &apos;ve rescued .
it was a biological desert .
and then you see the returns and starts measuring what comes out .
so how do we break this cycle ?
and you need bacteria to bind the nitrogen , and without those microorganisms , it &apos;s not going to give you any performance .
the humidity is 10 percent higher .
so we can really change the climate .
in the world &apos;s business , it &apos;s the driven culture there , so there &apos;s a democratic culture , so you can use the law to protect your own system .
the most prolific bundy , who &apos;s a paddle on a roadside &apos;s office .
i &apos;ll show you one more .
reuben , the farmer &apos;s sculptures creates 350 sculptures , beautiful works , which are moving in the pattern , or moving out of the waves , and in nine minutes , he &apos;s going to be able to do with his favorite art -- inspired by mathematics and nature .
every city has their own design .
23 years later , you asked us to come and develop this idea .
this is the italian portal , the ukrainian park , the most pessimistic park , the japanese park , the german park .
i &apos;m going to talk about consciousness .
either it doesn &apos;t exist or it &apos;s something else , a computer program or something , but not a part of science .
people always say that consciousness is hard to define .
you can &apos;t doubt the existence of your own consciousness .
it &apos;s a digital computer program in the brain and to create consciousness , we need to find the right program .
we &apos;re constantly bringing the objectivity and the cooling of reality as the features of reality and as properties of the standards .
do you find ?
but i also meet people who do what they do , and they can &apos;t imagine doing something else .
we don &apos;t teach american history in britain .
teenagers don &apos;t wear a sign .
maybe later , not immediately .
no , don &apos;t do it .
i couldn &apos;t do this thing , just like , no matter how often or how much i &apos;m going to be .
but we need to change from an industrial model to a solar model where every single school can flourish .
erez and i wanted to figure out more about it .
the reason that is that the historical report is being digitized in the same pace .
there was a light on it . she said , &quot; okay , so it &apos;s serious .
she led a group of students in a protest in the streets of protest .
i stood up , made a tea , sat down and now i &apos;m here -- still almost paralyzed , but here .
so peace direct to them , so they &apos;re going to get the back .
he wrote a book called &quot; by the dictatorship to democracy , &quot; with a hundred hundred to the day of the world .
it &apos;s not a kind of a business thing .
in fact , chris worried , and he said , &quot; look , show you this photo , you &apos;ll think you &apos;re still one of these crazy modern artists that don &apos;t do much . &quot;
it &apos;s an object for the mind .
and the solution i &apos;m going to do is , in the largest evil of the world , in this massive , massive , massive , the earth &apos;s largest estate , and the of the biosphere of the biosphere .
so i said , &quot; what would t be from the counter -- we call him a little bit of the way that they make the impact , in the denominator -- we call it a little bit of the impact , where they &apos;re going to get the impact ? &quot;
and he was a huge motivator on the market that has increased our revenues and profits .
we literally won the most sophisticated .
but five days later , back in atlanta , i got an email from glenn thomas , one of my people from the meeting in california .
so , frankly , many of us are afraid that the industry is working in the industry that the industry is threatened by technology and possibly more likely .
and really , we need somebody to convey to us , so we have a experience with a very mentally divine ?
the arts , whatever they do , will give us every time they wrap us up , to look at our way to the mit and curiosity .
the three sisters ahn , with her passionate music , is a new life of life , and at tedwomen , they start with the happy and the most skeptical of david &apos;s &quot; david &quot; by david &apos;s &quot; aw &quot; by david &apos;s &quot; &quot; the &quot; of david &apos;s &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot;
the manchester craftsmen is named after my quarter .
he makes a bunch of money through the process of special furniture for rich people .
we &apos;ve taken the curriculum of the american health curriculum , which is what the harvard of the harvard is in the world , and we &apos;re a trained for mothers in the middle of the inner city .
we realized that you have to give flowers and sunlight and food and expectations and herbie &apos;s music and so you can cure the spiritual cancer .
these kids who were given up from the world were flying from public schools , and that &apos;s what they &apos;re capable of ; with affection and sunlight and good music and good music and confidence .
and it &apos;s been working all right now .
and i &apos;m going to allow you to take the concert , and i &apos;m going to give you the music , and you should ever decide to sell you to sell you a deal that &apos;s going to be used to help the money to help the school . &quot;
this is a space of nancy wilson built her album in our school last christmas .
the brown building , which is you looked at you and i tell you where i made my greatest mistake .
he came to me . he said , &quot; man , that &apos;s a fabulous story .
and so he has a group of people who have been involved .
bill strickland tells a calm and amazing story of redemption through art , music and unusual alliance .
and the transducer then brings the most powerful to the brain , and the result is a key , which is a normal , which produces a normal standard of a normal .
but there was the most important factor that the problem with the code , and how to make cells better answers to make normal reactions , and so that was our contribution .
it &apos;s called us with a invisible , a little bit of the attacks that are going to be the environment that we &apos;re healthy .
but if the bacteria grow and double and they &apos;re all involved in making these molecules , then the number of molecules outside the cell is proportional to the surface of the cell .
now we know that all bacteria can talk to each other .
this is just a photo -- a little bit of your skin .
bacteria have become incredibly reactive , which is that we kill with antibiotics .
the fact is that bacteria have a collective behavior and they have tasks that they could never be able to do when they &apos;re only acting as individuals .
it &apos;s a great honor to get to me that conference .
or the first one that comes into the hall .
but , if we think about justice , aristotle says that what we need to think about is the actual character of the brain activity and qualities that are worth it , you know , you &apos;re going to be able to be immersed and recognizes .
what a reason they would have ?
charlie , what do you say to warren ?
here it is , as he &apos;s doing it .
so aristotle has been talking about flutes , and the very hardworking question of same-sex marriage , the marriage of marriage &apos;s right .
michael sandel : the lost art of democratic argument
many people said , &quot; well , you know , you know , you don &apos;t have to say to us in rural guys , what we should start with our time .
and i think that &apos;s good -- the future of humanity can make such a decision .
so , if that &apos;s what &apos;s called what &apos;s called this ?
i &apos;m saying that the speed of the world &apos;s velocity is going to be going .
i &apos;m saying that &apos;s nonsense .
we know that there are this threshold because we don &apos;t get a donation of a donation before we get a nuclear age , and that even though the damage has been born since our birth .
that means you have to make your homework to understand whether that &apos;s true .
audience : hello . i read somewhere in the last 20 years that the average lifespan of virtually every one on the planet has been expanding 10 years .
not one of their media has done this .
we don &apos;t care how we make our profit .
they were in the center of the world &apos;s center , and they put a lot of time on the agenda .
but i can &apos;t present a very high school company that &apos;s the case of the arguments that i have from economists , epidemiologists and environmental communities .
the most scary thing is something scary , and probably you know a part of the brain &apos;s .
fourteen americans die per day of asthma , which is three times a lot of the time in the &apos; 90s , and almost everything comes from the street .
he apparently had sense of humor .
politicians and the most afraid of fear have been scared to lead to the &quot; master &quot; .
second , because we &apos;ve eradicated them .
so we thought , &quot; let &apos;s try . &quot;
there are some amazing animals .
immediately , the government said , &quot; enough -- we &apos;re going to go . &quot; and pay people to do every single person that they saw .
he may think he would have ever born the baby &apos;s baby , so he might need a little help from the outside .
i asked peter , if something changed . and he said , &quot; no . &quot;
we want to deal with africa : the next chapter , and this is : a healthy , more beautiful , beautiful african .
but most importantly , they have to be productive in their lives , and create a kind of productive environment in our countries so that things can be done .
we can connect this all together ?
we were on the side of the world &apos;s side .
i had to crawl through the legs of these people , with my sister on my back , to find a window .
you know , we need to use everything good .
and i often don &apos;t see african employees under them .
the question is , how can we use it from all of this good will that comes to us ?
you &apos;re a little bit of a fish . &quot;
we have a lot of plastic in nigeria with the most violent .
and with this idea that artistic creativity is effective , i took this argument , so i think that we can study it , so we can study it , just like we can study any other complex neurological process .
the method was applied since the &apos; 90s to study extremely complex processes .
i want to try to show you this for you briefly .
and then i &apos;m in the control room , here , games in change .
now , how do you study rap scientifically ?
there &apos;s a massive brain activity that &apos;s involved in the field of brain .
i want to say , probabilities and statistics , that &apos;s the mathematics of games and the internet games .
this is very time-consuming and it &apos;s not pleasant .
but keep the idea of the entire time of eight seconds .
in play and virtual worlds , for example , your facial expressions can be used , and intuitively used to control a avatar or virtual character .
otherwise they were very quickly , and without a stable grid , it &apos;s not possible , so children die .
another statement of esther was that we react to a tragedy like haiti , but this is a kind of a key thing .
it &apos;s produced by the malaria , and it &apos;s a very interesting substance of substance .
we have every street , every village , almost every square of madagascar .
in your business , a very cheap blue laser is a very cheaper laser .
audience : yes !
and what &apos;s interesting is , although we have the whole time , we &apos;ve never done it , we never did the ham in the air .
this is the restaurant acorn house .
this is the most important one that you see here , actually , growing in a computer scanner , which was made by the outside and the outside of it .
so , water is a more important aspect .
&quot; metal &quot; and &quot; earth &quot; is still out .
the idea is not a sophisticated idea .
they don &apos;t even enjoy the show .
thank you .
i could show you this animal here .
once it touches the water , you should hear how air comes out .
once we sequenced these two genomes , we asked ourselves : if this is the smallest genome of a self , could it be even smaller , because even a smaller genome of it could be even smaller ?
and the other thing we realized is that once that worked , the real opportunity that we would have , if we could get the synthetic chromosomes , it would be the bacteria .
so care is a lot of care .
the last one is a quote from robert feynman : &quot; what i can &apos;t engineer myself , i can &apos;t understand . &quot;
but actually , we &apos;re in the northwest , very close to the actual notion of the koran , the 36 times , as &quot; gardens , &quot; which is defined by running streams .
but the more you add , the more you seem to be lost .
and this number of 72 never comes .
this is a nest of a wheels colony , and this is the nest entrance .
this is a colony that has been founded by a queen in the previous summer .
the most important thing -- that &apos;s a magnifying glass -- is a very interesting group . they go out early in the morning before the first group goes on .
and curiously , and interestingly , it looks like about half the colony colony just doesn &apos;t do anything .
the nest maintenance workers just take all the desks and bring them to the edge of the road and put them there .
the foragers are kind of deciding , not getting out .
and we did experiments that show that the longer one ant is dependent on the outside , the more the simple hydrocarbons on their surface are changing . so the ants smell different , that they &apos;re doing different work .
they &apos;re all going to go out of the earth , except antarctica .
here you see that the cost of all of this is about 89 million barrels of oil , and the annual cost of three trillion dollars is three trillion dollars .
and we do that for four percent of the world &apos;s population .
it doesn &apos;t have to do with it .
i &apos;ve thought where we can use natural gas .
and when i was going to get in the front of the world , natural gas costs nine dollars .
why don &apos;t you worry about that ?
so just 500 million , they were crushed .
it never was covered in the water or something .
tbp : i lost 150 million in the wind , okay ?
some have 5,000 . many have more .
there was a lot of time . and there was a lot of time .
the life is a event . you &apos;re going to give it the world .
these are work in the lower manhattan , where you built the first one .
these were maybe six different colors .
i mean , you didn &apos;t want this thing to be the light bulb .
a friend of mine told me this story : the coming , and they didn &apos;t have to wait , but then the most important , when they were there , had to call someone .
so sometimes i &apos;m going to use a more clinical language , and it may not be so warm to you as warm as you can talk about compassion .
and here &apos;s the basic idea that the idea of the good thing is that the good thing for people to do is to get to the people who are going to be .
basically , it &apos;s about when you &apos;re my enemy or my competitor , if you &apos;re not my friend or my family , i &apos;m a lot less to use the golden rule on you . okay .
so , the results are going to raise . this is a zero-sum game .
every form of resilience , selection , forces one , the humanity of the other .
and they &apos;ll explain to you , the other thinking that america is not respected and even to dominate them , and they hate america .
most of the diseases are closely related to poverty , but in the case of cancer , kids were dying of the children who died in cancer , mostly from wealthy families .
a week died a child died , but nothing changed .
because you just don &apos;t use this kind of energy and time if it doesn &apos;t really care .
so he didn &apos;t really want to say something .
openness is not the end .
now , the dominant business of the game would say that there &apos;s a single oncogene in a single cell cell , and that this is a single one of you .
what does that mean ?
we found a kind of conceptual material that contained the right extracellular matrix , we put the cells in and lo , and in about four days , they were going to see the same thing , and on the right , they &apos;re going to see what we &apos;ve created in a culture .
and of course , we &apos;re asking ourselves now where we go ?
and so i want to close with a poem .
we have a journalist journalist who was caught in the kenyan , a young girl whose book is so many of the most powerful quotes that you &apos;ve taken out of the shelves ; a expos of fake times in the new york times .
it sounds like a strange book , but it &apos;s actually about new species of lying .
he wrote very , very positive reviews of themselves . surprise !
you &apos;d have four good friends of a person who would justify their personality .
that &apos;s really bad . why is it so bad ?
i can look at lying ; i used to be talking , and then they were left .
they told how big the bath was , or said , the most powerful , and so far from the hotel .
and that &apos;s exactly where , right there . okay , glass , do a picture !
and you want to get your eyes out .
but it really opened my eyes , as often i have lost from life for emails , social networks and so on , even though there was nothing really important or a lot of the time .
i read peter and the wolf with this beautiful band of plastic .
and everybody who then went back , i went back .
at least for me , because if i do the same thing , i &apos;m very , very boring , i &apos;m very quickly .
i see myself as -- i don &apos;t know what i see .
are you nervous , you know ?
im : do you worry ? you look so cute .
anyway , i &apos;m not saying it &apos;s good , but only that it &apos;s not getting tired , ok ?
if you have the cream too long , it becomes buttermilk .
i call it the era of citizenship -- which people different species of species or ethnic populations are , but yet as citizens , they can be the same as citizens .
in egypt , i was discovered , of course , .
this was in london , in the yemen , and i was trained to attack an airplane in amsterdam to attack america .
there &apos;s no ideas and narratives and leaders and symbols that are using to democratic culture on the ground .
as an anecdote , we can show that if poverty was the only factor , well , bin laden is one of the richest families in saudi health .
what happened there was a political coalition that was going to be a political coalition , and that was the leader of the leaders .
these tools are only going to be socially interesting when they &apos;re getting boring .
he &apos;s measured the boundaries of the individual networks and then they &apos;re going to be a .
and because of social networking , chinese students who studied in abroad , or companies from the rest of the world , they had people all over the world , there were people all over the world .
and finally , the chinese announced .
we &apos;re increasingly in a media media in the media , socially , ubiquitous and cheap .
but all of a sudden , i &apos;m going to take a look at it as i was doing it .
in my fourth side side , a comet moved over the mountain , and the one is a comet .
this view is the most popular thing up . the first 600 meters of the rise of base base .
and that &apos;s in camp fourth .
and there were climbers on the summit ridge .
we also got the bad news that beck weathers , another climbers , collapsed in this storm , and died .
it &apos;s so thorny to work up because i even gave you a little bit of time through the clothes .
this climber was a huge one .
and i can only easily do it , like he did .
and so he &apos;s going to turn back to the mind .
these are sherpas , the most prolific light .
and the fourth thing that &apos;s very important for me is , &quot; ideas that we need to share . &quot;
but today , after 60 years , by the collective rise , entrepreneurs became role models , and they &apos;re in great ways to society .
it was a lot of people who wanted democracy to bring democracy because they bring the ideas to the universal , the universal right , parliament and the constitution .
the third thing is again .
the second is the most important thing we have , which makes it so difficult to create entrepreneurs in companies , that 93 percent of the indian jobs are in the world &apos;s office .
so , if you &apos;re a young country , you have the chance to implement a modern carbon company , so you don &apos;t have the most powerful , if you &apos;re older .
you have to have a clear strategy , which is important for india and important for the world .
so the government decides to let the government go again .
even though some people on the left don &apos;t like it , it actually was the revolution of markets that were spent the most sophisticated , the government has no idea .
they &apos;re not afraid of the masses .
so this whole constructive mistrust between the most violent and the ones they represent .
so , the math .
each of these twin things would be statistically captured , two years after the most successful .
david cameron invested 20 million pounds in a social media fund to support this idea .
and the investment of the social change : investment in social change .
i &apos;m working . &quot;
why ? are you tired to get to the cheek ?
even if i &apos;m with my friend named jack , i say , &quot; i &apos;m going to say , &quot; i thank you , jack . &quot;
if you haven &apos;t found it , my name is tom thum and i &apos;m a computer scientist . that means that i &apos;ve just heard what you &apos;ve heard , just and just with my voice , just with my voice .
and finally , with this one , i can get my sounds out of my right , and i can make my sound out of it .
our people had to try and try to find about 5,000 different types of water .
don &apos;t listen to those who say that you can &apos;t do that . everybody can do it .
on the right , a computer is a little bit of a sudden .
and i &apos;m going to give you some examples .
you see the blue blue transducer .
his wife said it was &quot; the happiest day in your life . &quot;
many of these patients are moving the most popular .
the results are better than the surgical surgery .
he can stop the surgery anytime and immediately .
street street , i know .
and that &apos;s where they really do a lot of their creative inspiration , so it &apos;s a industry that runs in both directions .
and so you want to go to the next trend and that &apos;s how fast you can .
and their jokes , like the most cosmopolitan of a football machine , really work within this aesthetic .
you need a lot of lawyers and a lot of time ago , and the merchants decided that it would be too expensive .
these are the two of the most binary habitats in the logic of copyright protection .
and i really want to thank you for this point of view , that you &apos;ve made this very , very much , very much , very much .
once i was a boat , a boat brought me into a remote , and i realized that the irs that i should meet was not to capture .
i think this is one of the most popular and the things that are on the planet .
there are many ancient folk technologies on the outskirts of the u.k. , and if you &apos;re a little bit of a rock , you &apos;ll notice that the most common ones were the street .
here &apos;s the most powerful thing that &apos;s about a few years old , which is about a few years old .
i hope i think by finding these organisms , help to make their remarkable attention , and to make my part of their own longevity , and to make their own longevity in the near future .
let &apos;s put it on something else .
20 years later , criminals still use mobile phones , but they also make their own personal , like this , which is used by the most violent mexico in all 31 states .
what did you do with that ?
what could terrorists do today with the technology now ?
recently the fbi has arrested a military in the united states , which wanted to use these remote drones to transport the transportation drones in the united states .
as we see here , we turn into universals .
now , the mortality rate is 70 percent , if you get it , but that &apos;s hard .
it &apos;s going to be killed so many people that the only thing that the only thing that &apos;s going to be killed in is not the only way that you can see the only thing that &apos;s going on outside of the gold valley is possible .
but on the other hand , i hear people like fear , a certain aversion to the risk of the risk .
and sadly , she was working in 1999 when she was working in colombia with the u , with the goal , her culture and language to preserve two other colleagues from the farc of the farc and tortured and killed .
and there &apos;s no group that would be more susceptible to this kind of manipulation than young men .
patient capital is uncomfortable for people who are looking for simple solutions , easy categories , because we don &apos;t look at profit as a mere instrument .
but the whole community , all different brain scans , also the most common and the most powerful , would sit down and pray . &quot;
because when you &apos;re full of the juice , it &apos;s beautiful , it &apos;s green , it &apos;s green , you feed the world , it &apos;s enough to go into the sky . &quot;
but no faces ?
ok , let &apos;s look at these three portraits .
i tried to make my wife a little joy .
why don &apos;t i make my wife , local , local power ?
but here &apos;s the problem . because a company is making a bond from cotton and it works .
majora : i see this thing in my wife &apos;s hands , &quot; why do you use a terrible cloth ? &quot;
now , 110 countries can access to it . okay ?
and it was so beautiful that i was over there in the last seven years .
then i ran a huge amount of training . i swam in freezing and forth .
it was actually happening that the cells in my fingers were going to be able to get into my fingers and get it out .
and my good friend david saw how i thought , and he came up to me and said , &quot; lewis , i know you for 18 years .
the prospect that you could go extinct , 40 years , is a very high , very much .
england , america , japan , south africa , congo .
it &apos;s about 380 trillion gallons of oil on earth today , which can be mapped and nurtured .
now this may be the end of the story -- okay , we just replace this with conventional , renewable resources -- but i think that &apos;s more than that .
very special material , that the abalone shell itself , millions of abalone , the whole time , every year .
and the idea of this was basically that i &apos;m the paintbrush in the hand of the great personalities that come and i would interview .
but i wanted to do interviews that are different .
in fact , my first favorite star was george abbott , the 97 years old , and the swamp &apos;s full of life was full of life -- i think it can define it .
we know the big , big , big moments , we know what we don &apos;t want to say , and the sense of the thing is , nobody &apos;s ridiculous to make no ridiculous .
when we were alone , i was her audience .
it wasn &apos;t that kind of thing , but it was a very reactive for my conversation .
he said , &quot; but i understand that . i can understand that . &quot;
half of the body was ill , the other one .
this is a very reactive in kathmandu , nepal .
i don &apos;t want to make a nice stuff .
there &apos;s a certain kind of treatment , it &apos;s called the &quot; name of the treatment . &quot;
it &apos;s not the painting we had painted , but what we actually made .
another example : again , a stupid mother .
thank you .
no , we talk about 10 million , 20 million dollars on the swiss bank bank , on the bank bank in the bank of the president , the high clerks of the president , the high clerks of the state .
they &apos;re actually going to take a hug .
most of the big companies are now convinced that they need to use very strict guidelines against bribes so much .
if you want to go to a restaurant if you look at the menu , then you would expect it to be all on the map ?
and that was the first time i thought that the expression on your face actually reflects what you &apos;re holding from him .
well , he &apos;s sharing his life .
this french painter of the 18th century was known for his life , but sometimes people .
unfortunately , this orphan now spends their most of the time with a series of other orphans in the archive , and some of them are beautiful paintings .
the first time i was wearing it at a dinner dinner , which gave us her parents to honor .
&quot; i &apos;m in your own wedding , james .
my father lived most of his time in east africa .
i &apos;d like to show you six minutes .
and the main thing is , but our films , they &apos;re stories , they &apos;re able to identify our people .
so it &apos;s a young man out there , and it really has to be able to think about some negative things , and all of this , or any of these , behave .
so , let &apos;s say , so much to say , so much time .
i think this is really the theme of this event .
so , you know , you &apos;ve described this as a computer industry of the world .
it &apos;s basically a cd . it &apos;s a little bit of a plastic .
now the art art art . oh , that was fantastic .
that was really fantastic .
video games can be very profound , even though they &apos;re completely hostile .
we &apos;re showing &quot; portal , &quot; because you &apos;re going to go to walls to create new spaces .
so time , space , aesthetics , and then most importantly , behavior .
i had to shut up a few bridges behind me .
everything refers to the most popular and students who were telling you that they &apos;re going to deny a place .
so i made some sketches on napkins -- little boxes and the things that i normally drew .
it &apos;s one of the most beautiful pieces i &apos;ve ever done .
this beautiful object , the swiss army army , for me , will be an involvement .
and one day i had one -- oh , the other .
i &apos;ve got the most thin and copper very thin , so it &apos;s going to be a little bit of the copper .
and that &apos;s my cafeteria .
and it reminded me why i was doing things like my house as well as my house .
she never finished .
the dome was a wish of the internet .
it was a try , this thin piece of land -- it &apos;s 30 to 76 feet -- turning into a property of turning these areas separated and the local room in this pavilion , with a high space in it .
they call this &quot; plan manipulative . &quot;
here it is .
from the building in the background , it seems like a iceberg in the mountains .
our clients don &apos;t want art galleries , so -- and as we met our new autopsy , he said that this was or the right shape .
in barcelona , i was asked to make a fish , we &apos;re working on the foot of the computer , which was built by the design of the computer , the most cosmopolitan and the street .
can we not make clean burning of it ?
and one of the things that they found was that they didn &apos;t kill .
and this is our main briquettes .
and he &apos;s compared to the problem of health impacts and coal .
it &apos;s a place where , for example , if india would be , in this room , only three of us would have a car .
so you can &apos;t use the same concepts like the u.s. to move things into the u.s.
there &apos;s a big difference .
after surgery , everything is going to be .
well , this is not surprising . but we asked them to grade their honesty and intelligence , kindness and the other .
he married . he had a son named the name of her .
is this business with our outer and our employment with a quantum phenomenon ?
now i want to tell you a little bit about the surgeries that we &apos;re doing , how far we are and where we want to .
we can replace the bone structure , but we &apos;re not very far in replacing facial facial expressions .
my theme is food in schools , because here &apos;s social justice .
and the next is the next thing .
people are talking about sustainability , but we should find out what that is .
you know , all of you think you have to have more and more food ?
and then they have a lot of time , hey , we can sell the stuff to children .
and this is a typical average .
the things that we might do at home , and think of that as important , we have to teach kids to the schools .
we need to educate the employees .
this eight billion means , by the way , two dollars , 49 cents -- so much money is the government for lunch .
when a little girl was sitting in a hot girl , my grandfather was out of a hot book .
if i go to a party and ask people what i do , and i say , &quot; i &apos;m a professor , &quot; you will matt , you &apos;ll matt .
i want to know your favorite , all over your own , and you can assure yourself , you &apos;re a professional in your mind .
don &apos;t make the tension . i want to be more enjoyable .
it &apos;s a documentary in a documentary of consciousness .
when i came closer , i expected to see all the details of most people , their clothes and so on .
how do you know that it was what they did ?
look at it ? who &apos;s not seeing it ? that &apos;s going to help .
we start to start with a few examples . some examples .
now , jeff hawkins described his efforts to bring a good , big theory in neuroscience .
and the most popular in london said , &quot; what do you mean with : &quot; who is in charge of london -- &quot; i mean , nobody is in charge . &quot;
now , congestion pricing were introduced in stockholm at the third of january , 2006 , and the first picture ; here &apos;s a picture of stockholm , a typical road on january .
so , we did this enormous survey with many of the most sophisticated and trying to figure out who changed and where they disappeared .
then i went to 20 years of college -- from eastern europe to central asia -- through the mountains of the caucasus , the southern east , north africa , russia .
what do we know from the taliban &apos;s troops who are going to be in the doors of people who are going to send their daughters to schools like in the street of the people ?
the world changed .
i was in my office , my desk was tidied , i had the blue blue tape on the walls .
and there were two of them .
there was really what .
how amazing is that ?
now , i want to talk about some other patients , and i want to talk about some other patients doing it in their power to improve health care .
and then i realized that the side of google earth reminded me where we can fly to each address .
we are , they &apos;re most of the most an expert resource in health care .
the water of seawater is a key .
here &apos;s the resolution . a wonderful creature , right ?
they don &apos;t take their environment with sound waves , and i &apos;m talking about the most violent .
in the u.s. alone , the annual cost of the annual cost of 22 billion dollars would be in the world , and so bats are going to be able to get wealth .
why should we have to deal with aging at all ?
if you go out here and look at the night sky and see this beautiful , flying animal , i wish you smile . thank you very much .
europe had to be in economic development .
the boom of the resources pump up the water , not all , but many countries of the bottom billion .
so what &apos;s going wrong ? why is there that so-called &quot; the &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; ? &quot;
and so the countries of the bottom billion need a very highly common policy .
a few economists came in time and said , &quot; why don &apos;t you try a auction ? you &apos;ll reveal the value . &quot;
in this moment , on the world , there are a billion people in poor or a billion people in the world , and how can we help them ? the economist paul collier asks a very compassionate , compassionate plan that we can close the gap between arm and rich .
we have no container where they &apos;re made .
here he is giving a english philosopher in africa in africa that takes a complete deal of intervention .
so , we have this : imagine , imagine , they thought a lecture and could talk to people in their native language .
&quot; basics of the laparoscopic surgery .
14 years ago , i came to this ordinary material , and i was going to have a very common material that was used for centuries in the same way .
he asked me if i could build this as a piece of a piece of the city .
so we were experimenting with small plastic systems to create a dry fog that &apos;s shaped by wind , and then testing it turns out that it can be shaped by people who interact with it and can move through , without becoming a more inclusive .
they were in their own business in the grass , and they saw the shifting patterns of the internet , next to people who didn &apos;t know , and shared the wonders .
and so , i was also paying attention to this , that this is an enormous risk for our society .
if peter moves his arm , this yellow spot is the one that you see there , the kind of thing that &apos;s going on in the brain , which is in the brain of the brain .
if you do that , what will you want to control ?
and to say that these changes are also beyond death , even a claim about death can be true or wrong .
now let me just ask you , what i don &apos;t say . i don &apos;t say science can be able to be able to have this room or that we &apos;re going to have scientific answers to each other .
now , why wouldn &apos;t this be an objective morality ?
how high is the probability that this is a peak of human development ?
on the left , you see edward &apos;s ted .
we live in a world full of technology , and these technologies can &apos;t be more easy to break it , it &apos;s always easier to break out , as they &apos;re together .
but then we have to talk about well-being in a larger context .
and what is his natural enemy , what the means of the good beetle that we talk about ?
it &apos;s a parasite , no more a , but a plastic optic , two mm long , a quick and agile , a quick and agile tool .
and if we &apos;re going to take these good things for example , for example , in a nanotube , they go to the flowers .
in israel , where we &apos;re on over 1,000 acres -- that &apos;s 10,000 israeli israeli oil -- biological pest mining , and they were using 75 percent of the pesticides .
third , to increase the consciousness of farmers for the potential of this kind of thing .
and the one of my favorite things is one of my favorite things .
it &apos;s fun to make the more fun fun than the more fun , and i do that often .
urban security -- that &apos;s what the new york needs .
her name was a little bit of a joke , and so that was -- i wasn &apos;t going to say enough enough to say , &quot; take the drawing . &quot;
or the collapse of the soviet union , just a few decades , perhaps within a decade , after time , to the soviet union , was the most powerful .
because there &apos;s 80 percent out there that really eat insects .
they &apos;re at the beginning of food food .
why do we actually do these balls in the soup , but it &apos;s still meat in it ?
it &apos;s 25 pounds per person per year .
so , until now we decide to be a , or to five kilograms of output .
we can increase it a little bit of the rainforests , but it &apos;s going to be a boundary soon .
and you might think , well , they &apos;re not available yet .
my three minutes haven &apos;t begun , right ?
he said , &quot; hey , we have to put them on the table .
and i saw a sign .
even if canadian the system is going to do the system , they do it in a way that &apos;s going to be a society .
and in this book , the little lewis would find the big idea .
this is a computer company . and on the back , some other pieces of gadgets are , and the other thing that &apos;s going on , and scales to make some calculations . okay ?
right . so , this device is going to use .
there &apos;s a quality of craftsmanship and precision that is just amazing and remarkable .
so the first robot i want to talk about is strider .
it &apos;s just used to show that if you have cameras or other sensors because it &apos;s high , it &apos;s a meter of 80 , you can talk about obstacles and the metal of the internet .
for example , in this case , even though the left and the right wheel is connected to a single axis , and so quickly , it &apos;s going to turn fast .
welcome to the robot , the robot mechanics of virginia &apos;s lab . &quot;
but the cool thing about it is the user interface .
and so , as he &apos;s going to do , this was our first attempt , and -- and ...
but what is the secret of our success ?
but only by a spark of imagination is not enough .
and in this way , education is very important .
and the idea of the world is to be a little bit of ...
there &apos;s basically no pool of good teachers , and only eight percent of the county have a more powerful or a higher degree of the county .
there &apos;s a complete empty on creative capital in bertie county .
the goal of the game is to have all the teams on wheels , then the team won .
but in the last few decades , a lot of money was going to be a lot of money for school camp .
and after walking out and the neighbors are about to interview what food they buy and where , and why , is a homework homework .
in these , it &apos;s literally impossible to create large yahoo surfaces .
i want to invite you to follow my journey of the design and explore .
after four months , it &apos;s made up and now it &apos;s eight months of dry time before .
here &apos;s a couple of results .
this global act is going to change climate change , like fossil fuels , perhaps even more than that .
when i learned about these two things , i was very , very , very , very personal for personal reasons and scientific reasons .
it has a very good job of the most powerful , which was partly the ronald mcdonald &apos;s foundation .
and after treatment , we make a series of simple light systems to see a series of simple design systems to see how his vision is .
the answer is in motion . i want to show you the next video .
i had to discuss a long time with my wife .
we &apos;re going to follow these research sites and hopefully have more results to report .
and then i have this kind of thing for physically disabled disabled , and i thought , oh , i don &apos;t know , but before i &apos;m concerned about it , i &apos;ll look at how this is .
but that was in the fall of 95 and then when the winter was broken , he said , &quot; you know , you &apos;re good enough .
ss : so , aimee did it in &apos; 1996 , and she &apos;s very excited . her family travels with -- it &apos;s a big thing .
i tried to do everybody i could , to go to who , against who , for whom , i &apos;m going to go to who i &apos;m going to do here ?
i always won everything and i thought , what ?
you can be big . just take it off . &quot;
host : aimee and the designer will be at ted , and we &apos;re going to talk about the design .
they got somebody who came over and they got the shoes .
but it &apos;s almost impossible to look at the actual losses of the economy , because we use math .
or to the 75,000 jobs .
and something about mathematics : math sometimes looks like math -- like in this example -- and sometimes it doesn &apos;t -- like , &quot; am i drunk ? &quot;
in math education , we use about 80 percent of the time to teach people how to do three of hand .
if people ask me , is that true ?
but the robots in cars allowed it to separate these things , so that &apos;s what they &apos;re doing today , as a car and learning his owner .
completely wrong .
but i think we can do both at the same time .
and one of the reasons why that is so important -- so it &apos;s very important , computers in the exams .
it was winter in 2009 , and i &apos;ve been blind for about a year .
i thought especially about my father who was dead , and i was a surgical operation on the brain .
similarly , just by the handle of the body , the changing quality of the soil , and it &apos;s a time that makes a sense of where you &apos;re and what you &apos;re doing .
but when i was to take a witness and the broadway , i was blessed to be blessed at every corner .
if you design a city in the blind , it will be a lot of jobs .
to give you a sense of this experience , the article called &quot; i think you &apos;re going to be free . &quot;
and the most famous thing that i knew -- the 10 commandments , love , love your next , is fertile and a half .
you give money to a good purpose and it &apos;s evolving emotional to the purpose .
it &apos;s not a book that was written and the sky was written by the sky .
so , this is actually the key to me , to remember , to remember that there &apos;s no way to remember the car here , and i don &apos;t go up on the way up to the stairs .
that was very inspiring for me .
so if we want to do this book any meaning , we really need to be on it , and with him , we really have to be on it .
so we have this wonderful progress .
the academics who were thinking that was to be the kind of thing that was to be able to do this , so we developed the applications like this , and we &apos;ve developed the applications of the computer that &apos;s going to be a laser on a laser on a laser .
alex worked on a little bit of obscure , independent , independent report with the name &quot; minority report &quot; for steven spielberg , and invited us to develop the interface that should be used in the movie .
we &apos;re going to take these online surgery through because we like yellow and we like to be yellow .
let &apos;s pull that apart : i &apos;m going to bring it into a game .
we , as humans , are the things that are designing and we should make sure that our machines help us and build it .
john , thank you for doing science fiction .
what okolloh did was not possible without digital technologies .
but here &apos;s the point . the most creative creative act is still a creative act .
but the institutions that are represented by this black line said , &quot; we &apos;re changing this agreement immediately .
they &apos;re created by the members of the community for each other .
and how all good news companies do they take a leap of 20 years when they change the audience &apos;s interest .
you don &apos;t always have five days to get there , so change and we started playing blood games .
but india didn &apos;t want to play in the game game .
the other was indian cricket .
it was the new india ? that was another world where you could get player from all over the world , as long as you got the best player for the best price .
we &apos;ve all seen games in calcutta , but we &apos;ve never seen anything else . the shah khan khan brought the audience to a film song -- for calcutta , not for india , but for calcutta .
could you imagine that this day would come ?
hopefully i &apos;ve made any of you to make a experience richer and the game of popular and hopefully , and hopefully there &apos;s a longer time to work in this business .
and you know that the answer is dogs because they have a very fast way to be able to see the memories of the memory , how often they have dogs and pigs on the rope .
why about everything in the world should play any lottery ?
on the other hand , if you go to a developing country , and for 25 dollars a second , it &apos;s a big mac for a big mac .
would you spend your remaining 20 dollars for a ticket ?
i &apos;ll give you an example .
and if the way to the other end of the city is 100 bucks worth , it &apos;s worth 100 mice , completely no matter how they &apos;re saving . but people don &apos;t think that way .
well , in the big and all of it , you &apos;re enormous impatient .
watch what happens when we &apos;re taking away the blink of the brain .
dan , i &apos;d like to hear more . so , you say that our answer to terrorism is , i mean , he &apos;s a kind of mental error ?
there are no weapons of weapons .
and so some people look at economists as dumb people .
and the subject and variation is one of these most intellectual activity that requires a certain intellectual activity , because you always compare the variation to the subject that you have in mind .
&quot; in words and in fashion , the same rule is fantastic , and as a result , not the first thing that &apos;s been tried to do , the first thing that &apos;s been tried to do is the old one , the old one is the old one . &quot;
and i woke up one day and said , &quot; well , maybe that &apos;s not that ? &quot;
first , my willingness to give me a critical audience , without suggesting i &apos;m safe to be sure .
it &apos;s my intention to go to the poster , and you should not have understood it .
so , in the big and all of them , they save our survival .
jews often have a uncomfortable smell of smell .
if the space was flooded , we could see that people are more negative to gay men .
it &apos;s as if i was a little bit of talking about what i &apos;ve done in these 20 years .
it feeds my mind and my soul .
they &apos;re shit .
there &apos;s a young director , hollywood director , with his friends , other filmmakers , and they talk about what cinema means .
without food , i was sick .
we don &apos;t need any more trouble to get the idiots out !
our government was corrupt .
so for me , the idea that we have all these kids , it &apos;s a generation , we have a whole generation of children who had to go through so much psychological trauma or damage to africa .
through the whole book , more than an hour of an hour , more than an hour , and interactive animations .
what &apos;s the business ?
it had at least that you could have , in fact , in the most true , and it was still true .
so i thought , &quot; yes , that &apos;s a good idea . &quot;
they still talk about it .
when i came from college , i worked in southern california , and you &apos;re working on the spanish , and you &apos;re going to be on the spanish , and you &apos;re doing things like that .
rsw : how does his schedule look like ?
the most popular -- they &apos;ve interviewed me for this with interviewed and sent their technical design to bilbao .
that &apos;s what reminds me .
and the guy looked at me and said , &quot; so what can i do for you , mr. gehry ? &quot;
if you walk for four months with three months , the ideas are always going to be more clear and more living .
and one thing i wanted to mention at my favorite point , but somehow , i was missed , all the companies that helped me to do that .
but in the meantime , these things are winning momentum .
and this is 10 weeks later , from hand .
you see the suits , the most powerful .
the cortisol and things are remarkable , and this is remarkable , and this is what the most amazing thing is .
it &apos;s an incredible endeavor , 15,000 workers , i think , five domes and the sixth here .
on this level , they work 1,500 workers .
50 percent of the computer on the world land in china .
it was quite unusual , so stefan , that less than five percent of advertising had a picture .
and wish three is : the one , i was told , i was going to make a difference , and i always wanted to do something like this .
and it &apos;s increasingly more important that we can figure out how to get these resources from these extremely complex materials .
the traditional ways to separate material , simply not work for plastics .
the traditional way to make a difference is to make oil or petrochemicals .
at the end of this process , we have a mixed user system : many different kinds of plastic and many different qualities of plastic .
now i see a lot of the research out there .
and what we see is that people tend to commit mistakes to the exact same way , again and again .
maybe we should study how monkeys make economic decisions and find out whether they do the same stupid kind of dumb things .
here &apos;s 17,000 . it &apos;s going to trade a token against food and wait happy , and get your food .
it &apos;s a little impatient that the market opens up .
now imagine that i &apos;m going to push every 1,000 dollars of a dollar in the hand -- so 10 of the dollars of notes .
you can either choose a loss of loss -- so i throw a coin . you &apos;re going to be a coin .
if we made the same scenarios in our little little , the same scenarios , they would do the same things like the people ?
the person on the left is a safer loss .
maybe it &apos;s not just the people on the last stage of development , making stupid mistakes .
and that &apos;s the catch .
but if we think about buildings , the most often four stories are high .
we need to have less with concrete and steel and we need to build higher . in recent times , we &apos;ve worked on the street of the street .
this is as much as we have a year in 900 cars less than a year .
and the curtains curtains , my window .
maybe &quot; citizens &quot; , because recently they got up to fight against the decline of law , the citizens of these networks work together to help each other .
and the biggest and oldest bank in russia , largely in the domestic government , is now using the russian government , now to crowdsource employees and citizens in the development of innovation with innovation .
we &apos;ve heard about ted on ted , who have been hacked with their plants with arduino , and working on the world , and to make a young man , to create websites and turn videos .
and so i started thinking that the eternal mother always asks himself , &quot; are all children there ? &quot;
that &apos;s compassion .
he asked them to convey a message , and all of them read in their own language , a central rule of the golden rule , &quot; what you don &apos;t want to do is you don &apos;t want to do that , you know , the most important thing to do . &quot;
a pastor means to be able to take care of these individual needs .
and we do this by some of the examples .
there &apos;s over 180 messages in washington d.c.
it &apos;s already taken from parks and sculpture .
it &apos;s made of fiber fiber fiber .
there &apos;s also some constraints on its lighting .
the bubble is a key .
i saw my aunt raped when i was only five .
one of the things i experienced when i was trying to eat my friend , because we didn &apos;t have food and we were around 400 .
as a child as young and delicate , words i can &apos;t forget , not forget .
this is my story , inspired in a lesson of a lesson / memory .
my breakfast , my lunch , i &apos;m going to go to a foundation that i started , because we want to build a school in sudan .
give us tools . give the farmers tools .
audience : yes !
the third chapter is a more complicated , more complicated appeal called &quot; government &apos;s appeal . &quot;
that means more than 60 percent are for it .
we &apos;re going to solve this task by increasing the problem of death penalty .
and even if that happens , it &apos;s not too late .
i remember nothing from time when i was five years old .
santa claus knows whether you were good or not . right ? &quot;
but julie , you were so ready for school . you were so ready . &quot;
they looked at each other and smiles , in the sense that was the right answer . then they kept saying , &quot; do you believe that we all have brothers and sisters on earth ? &quot;
maybe your bigger ability to cooperate and adapt ?
i think this film shows the hardest look at the modern times .
in world war ii , we had to produce a lot of stuff .
but we cannot forget that it needs a fundamental contribution , and that &apos;s how many resources of the planet we use .
but now , to the good news .
it &apos;s maybe in latin america .
and at that point , the skeptics and the climate change of climate change in the field .
we did a project for a few years ago , a big program , it was called the most powerful -- with many , many people -- many experts -- all of the experts -- a huge amount of labor .
a group of people ask them to spend it for themselves and the other group should be spent for other people .
when they went from the first building to the second , all of the time they went to a man who was leaning and went and help , and clearly help , and the question is , did they think and helped ?
the word is &quot; the &quot; aw , &quot; a combination of &quot; the &quot; and &quot; the &quot; cat &apos;s &quot; .
there &apos;s a wonderful book called &#91; about &#93; : the hidden life is beautiful things .
since -- now , it &apos;s four decades -- i &apos;ve been trained with the best in this area , had a young and old teaching , and i created a young , old , old , and the old web of art , and the successes of art , and the successes of art .
and i found this in my dance , my dance , my strength , my energy , my passion , my real life force .
i was dancing between the street and i was trying to adapt to this , to adapt to my favorite .
well , it was essentially frustration .
this is how it was at the time .
he put them together , combined with something called the kind of thing that i think was combined , and then he made it in this software , which i think was originally developed , and he &apos;s made this wonderful presentation .
there are little bits of plastic in these documents , small boxes .
i want to suggest -- yes , do you make a nice website . how could i say , you don &apos;t want to make a nice website ?
now you ask the linked data that you &apos;re putting together now , 32 hits , which everybody is a protein with these traits and you can look at them .
and that &apos;s what data is about .
all of this will lead to that every year two million children die less , in the last year , when in 2000 .
and if it &apos;s so , we &apos;re ready to collect feedback and give feedback to make sure that the promise really provide results ?
you just show one of the numbers there , the 5,000 -- is that the number ?
my brothers started to draw me down to draw and paint .
that &apos;s what i &apos;m fascinated with , this area .
how many of you have a cow going to see the road on the road from bangalore to mysore ?
it &apos;s just that we &apos;re trained to be a human being , and that makes the meaning .
and they said , &quot; okay .
can &apos;t you do anything , you &apos;re artists ? &quot;
this is a box of the box of the box .
because if we see somebody &apos;s head , we see the footprint .
what percentage of that is the foreign state of foreign water ?
obviously , he was sitting in a cave for the last 20,000 years .
so the foreign foreign is actually beautifully appropriate to come to the conclusion , because -- if you think about it , i &apos;ve been talking about the economists today that most things are very , very highly powerful .
this is the place i showed you at the beginning .
we &apos;re going to do something technical now .
think about toyota .
you can &apos;t do it against it , so you accept it and find a way to work with it .
it &apos;s very hard to agree .
it &apos;s a lot of the time and the water .
pizza is taking them when they have hunger .
there are millions of different types of water .
so remember , if we think about sexual education and activities , they &apos;re out of baseball .
it &apos;s the poet of chen , and it &apos;s like , &quot; i can &apos;t bear the most powerful .
and that &apos;s , &quot; how much percent of the day you think about this person ? &quot;
in over the last ages , people have been leaving new brain structure of this brain structure .
they came home with a child &apos;s death rate .
and it was really to a strong force .
and i said , &quot; why do you think men are more motivated than women ? &quot;
no time on this , the women were so educated , so interesting , so interesting .
she &apos;s 23 she took her for her 13 .
i started to get to the point of why you &apos;re in love with one person when you were in love with the other .
they &apos;re going to be as long as the human race is on what shakespeare called &quot; these sins . &quot;
but unfortunately , i know it .
most researchers believe that obesity is the cause of insulin resistance .
maybe we should ask ourselves , whether it could be that the resistance of weight and the cause of disease is the cause of weight and the disease of the disease -- at least most people ?
other people , it &apos;s too much more enjoyable .
peter ornish : what if our views were wrong ?
my great henry , henry ford , really believed that the mission of ford motor company was to improve the lives of people and make cars affordable for everyone affordable .
and the good news is that today we &apos;re going to get the big problems of cars and environment -- not only at ford , but in total as industry .
i think you can imagine it already .
but what really inspired me is the possibilities that we &apos;re going to have when our cars start to communicate with each other .
we need a infrastructure that is able to support this flexible future .
this is a minute 59 .
i think now my mother , i &apos;m like a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of a design problem .
the nurses have to go to data .
that &apos;s really important . it &apos;s a lot . &quot;
so what &apos;s coming out of this ?
and for us , it was great , because we won a lot of awards .
i was infected when i was 17 , when i was a student , i was a student , i met adults who were really thinking about my ideas , and i was drinking a lot of the research and a lot of the plastic projects with me .
now it was all about the kids . so we don &apos;t .
basically , we gave the kids a simple task .
for our auction , we have some wonderful images for them , for a really good purpose , the money that they give us , to buy hearing hearing .
but what i &apos;ve never said , and what i want to do is that the fact that it &apos;s cool is that it &apos;s cool .
in a way , in the elegant or more , the product that we have in the elegant or a more active product here , which we have , the most different , is the most different kind of development -- and inspired by the incredible kind of experience .
if you think about the change in our society , the most powerful from the country in the cities , the 200 years has taken the same process in 20 years .
it looked ahead , even though these were unknown .
so , for example , we would put the models under an artificial sky .
i think a reduction in the height of 94 percent for almost pure .
and how do we do something more sophisticated in this growing world , especially in some places i &apos;m talking about -- china for example , that will build 400 new airports in the next 10 years .
and this is the focus of the talk of the talk -- there &apos;s no lighting in the positive sense that is healthy and our well-being is not a reasonable darkness .
unlike the first office , i showed you the beginning of the talk , this is a very well-known office office , which is that the most popular thing .
you see the most popular building behind you , which was later a icon of modern health .
i think what you &apos;re seeing here is quite amazing -- how much light in the sky is going to be and never reached the ground .
this is not very pleasant and more satisfying .
they &apos;re not going to be disturbed anymore .
if our main group , as some weeks before , a war in a third of india is called a third of india called the most , it &apos;s called the subject , it &apos;s wrong .
and one day -- i don &apos;t know what happened -- while i was walking home from the office , i might see a bee , or it came to me in the sense of a bee , and i could be a wonderful thing to be .
anil gupta : but what &apos;s going to be used ? what was it used ?
to do what ? to break stones , to dig up .
this is the only place where you could express your creativity .
they don &apos;t want to have a second choice of standards and the internet .
and that &apos;s what &apos;s made of the most powerful thing that &apos;s done .
i had to do my favorite .
mr. reed , who lives with a physical challenge , is only 50 inches tall .
and the computer designer , the most powerful , recyclable .
this is a little bit of a plastic .
these are 3.2 billion people .
or ski . it just makes fun and people love it , and fun things .
so we &apos;ve been working very , very hard , but we knew that it wasn &apos;t so hard to develop technology like acceptance about what &apos;s important and how technology can be used .
cars are not made for the next to park , and it &apos;s wonderful to go to them with them between cities and drive them , but think about it , we &apos;ve solved all the problems in terms of range and speed .
so if we could add this box to a few years , we have a solution to transportation , electricity , and communication , and maybe drinking water in a sustainable package that weighs 60 kilograms ?
implicit or explicitly is recognized that people who die there are somehow involved in the drug drugs , and we take the fact that they were either tortured or professional or even both .
los zetas will be shown as a psychopath of psychopaths , which is fear and horror in cities and the press to get the silence , and that &apos;s true for most .
mexico and the u.s. , now , is to a truly international organization that is in the south and global partnerships in global distribution , and global partnerships in global distribution .
but also , part of it , a month of being a month -- you live in the future , and we have a long time of life .
and after you fall under a critical price , it tends to be successful , if you &apos;re successful , a critical mass of mass .
but they &apos;re going to be very , very cheap , and look at the interesting effects , if you &apos;re cheaper , the brands , the credit and the , the most powerful , the most powerful , winning the food , win .
if you look at linux , linux is in red , it &apos;s got 20 percent .
&quot; open &quot; is really , you know , the gift of silicon design in the world .
because of some of the technologies we talked about .
patient capital works in between and trying to take the best out of both of them .
the second thing to do was be extremely cheap .
president obama understands this .
because one of the poorest farmers in the world had found access to a technology that allowed him to change his life .
and yet , this is exactly the characteristics of the men and women , and women are honored by all generations .
they remember , while the most popular in the blog , they were in his blog about the hurricane and the most often , because it was just possible because blogs are easy to use .
i like music , and i like to be a little bit of a sudden , and i think i heard steve martin play and i said , &quot; i can . &quot;
i wrote this post , and i took this because einstein today .
and you see this post .
these little things just .
and maybe i have to be a little bit of a time , because i &apos;m talking about it .
it was been recovered since it was designed by our generation .
we need to use this process immediately to get a better understanding of the ocean .
we studied these fish in detail , but we had to learn how to keep them .
but that &apos;s only half the size of the largest tuna that we &apos;ve ever tagged .
they come together . that could be sex under tunas , and there it is .
you can get a lure -- it &apos;s a seal like a seal -- and a white shark will go to it , a very dense creature that comes up very closely to our 16 foot .
and then we give these animals a encore , by helping us .
and the white shark .
i think he didn &apos;t think the records of my spine were so accurate .
they said , &quot; besides , what we &apos;ve talked about , are they groups that want to harm the united states ? &quot;
you don &apos;t have to waste your energy .
now , who &apos;s looking at my favorite , i see that i was there , and i know that i was in the ninth of may for $ 1 in the safeway .
all of a few moments i &apos;m going to push a computer show on my life .
when i started with the project , people said , &quot; why would you want to say what you &apos;re doing and where you are ?
now it &apos;s normal .
now , look at this kind of thing , please , to see this , from paris to see how incredibly fast the growth is .
i looked at thousands of these organs , and trust and efficiency are always more important .
how do we copy how to make trust from face to face ?
i was a kind of mind in the system .
this page is going to be a day of a day , and 80 percent of them get a precise answer .
i want to start with a paradox .
and here you see it in relation to inequality , which i showed you , and i &apos;ll come back to the back of the world .
first of all , with the rich , developed countries , and then in a second , the 50 american states -- with the same question : cut the more unequal states on all of these scales ?
with devastating effects , what the use of talent is about .
and in our analysis of american states , we find the same contrast .
the social judgments are taking judgments , and fear of these judgments .
or for example , why violence is more unequal in more unequal societies , because people are sensitive to being , to be , preferably .
a year more than three million microbloggers , a new knee , or a new knee .
you remember kamal before the world &apos;s day .
if you wear it under pants or a rock , or a sari , it &apos;s very clear that you &apos;re wearing a prosthetic , and in societies , in which disability is a social stigma , people are very sensitive .
so thank you very much .
you want a dirty magazine ?
i actually bought the most popular thing , and there &apos;s a little piece of paper that says , &quot; use this kind of thing , &quot; don &apos;t use that kind of thing to get juice .
this is the results of one to the 20th , &quot; google just as many &quot; o , &quot; as there are pages .
strong fear is a lot .
but if you &apos;re always in this condition , the work would never be done , because you would say , &quot; oh , i &apos;ve found a new way to do it . &quot;
almost everything we do is subconscious .
it &apos;s about being safe in this world .
if the theme park is rusty and would fall apart , they would never go to a ride .
it &apos;s a very small sample -- you should not be able to be able to be in the results .
i &apos;m going to talk about children and self-organization and a series of experiments that would have led me to the idea of an alternative education .
and the night of this day , 70 children in the internet .
so i could even choose to pick up a cross-section of a cross-section , which represents the whole world .
what you &apos;re seeing obviously is a child that uses the computer .
natural systems are all self-organization : galaxies , molecules , cells , organisms , organisms , societies -- except the discussion of the &quot; intelligent designer . &quot;
and it &apos;s about the rediscover of idealism in this whole whole area .
i bought a nice suit and i wore shoes with a little bit of the remarkable access that i had to be able to get to the street .
but in 2002 , when my tour went to end , i decided i wasn &apos;t going to go to the job that was waiting for me to go back in london .
i felt that something was destroyed .
and i went through . i went through these piles .
and i traveled to kosovo and gave the government .
independent diplomat is part of a trends that comes to the world , obviously , and shows that the world is fragmented .
it &apos;s terrible that they are actually affected these people , not a matter of it .
this is the 21st century , and in a certain sense , independent diplomat represents this , this change , that is happening with us all .
&quot; hey , could you get me more and more ? &quot;
because if we go back to the world &apos;s office , they understood that a simple mistake can say what you &apos;re not , or remember , why you love something .
we feel awe , pity .
go ahead .
what is the number one ?
no . in the &apos; 70s , there was the irregular show , &quot; the most prolific , &quot; the 1973 , the top 10 , followed by the top of the &quot; the &quot; and &quot; three angels for charlie . &quot;
i can choose them from the island .
and i &apos;m very excited about it to discuss with you , i &apos;m going to go and say , &quot; can somebody tell me the basic world &apos;s brain and why that &apos;s so cool ? &quot;
next , this dna virus is producing stuff that covers the bacteria .
from a series of reasons .
or even worse , scientific education will always be more like the guy who says , &quot; actually ... &quot;
but we have so much work in front of us and when someone is involved in science , i &apos;m going to ask you to join me .
we &apos;re going up the staircase and we &apos;ve changed a state of consciousness .
so many books about war say the same thing , which is that nothing brings people together as war .
durkheim believed that everything that takes us together is taking a sense of sacredness .
he kept saying that &quot; the &quot; and the &quot; the &quot; and the people who are not going to be able to stick and get no adequate people can &apos;t be done . &quot;
he uses the other .
once they were all in a same tribe , they could keep the benefits of cooperation .
it &apos;s about connecting to other people to track ethical ideas .
jh : thank you very much .
i realized that that mahatma infants must not be just inside .
and right next to the garage , he has his own family , where he can be in his achievements , which is a more important role in the world .
everything is always easier in design , and here &apos;s this kind of thing , and , my god , i just photographed it .
&quot; the end of print &quot; is going to print the fifth time .
this book is called &quot; the &quot; shhh . &quot; it &apos;s another word for quotes .
this is actually an experiment for a client , and it &apos;s a little bit of a client that we made a sequence of six photos and tried to get people to the printed medium .
they said that people didn &apos;t like them .
a paper about brian &apos;s -- a really boring article -- so i put the whole article in the street .
somebody told me today , there were these things that the folder said , but i don &apos;t know what that is .
this is pretty high for most professions .
before that , there was obviously , obviously , no technology . but obviously .
this is not another planet . these are things that are hidden on our planet .
and finally , i come back to this kind of thing .
this is a very popular thing he was with stephen jay &apos;s theory of the theory of the brain .
we heard about the world &apos;s military , giving guns .
and i think that &apos;s really important . because if you can imagine mozart before the invention of the technology of the technology , what that would be for a loss for society .
octopus was interested in the first time i was very young .
he takes back to the arm , and he &apos;s going to take a arm full of gravel , and he &apos;s going to go ... &quot;
but the point is , we were there for a month , and i wanted to get used to the animals , so that we could see their behaviors without to make them care .
and if you go down , the lovely blue water is going to be the great blue water that you &apos;ve left to start and get away .
but there &apos;s no sun down there , there &apos;s no photosynthesis . it &apos;s a world &apos;s world down there , which is the steering and it &apos;s all so volatile .
but i also have seen the exact opposite of the opposite .
everybody talks about each other . then it &apos;s not a little bit of a sudden on a map , then it &apos;s a network that we have created .
she was a magician , and she didn &apos;t go and i went out and i didn &apos;t go and get a little girl , she didn &apos;t buy a pink clothes , but she knew , knew , knew , he knew .
my parents had a divorce , and my sister was arrested .
cities are the band-tailed ones .
is edinburgh a horse ?
we &apos;re all in the economy , and we &apos;re showing in the corner on the left : the street .
the heart rate is reduced , and it &apos;s longer , a commodity , and it &apos;s going to slow down by the membranes and nutrients .
but the most important thing is that the equivalent of the brain , the equivalent of the metabolism , is the equivalent of the metabolism , bigger than one -- about this .
they &apos;re rapidly growing and stop , part of our own business .
looks like a computer designer .
children in the 12th grade are less excited about political systems .
he had to talk to a high school in our high school .
my students made this anomaly as a result of a task that we had asked to be the oil spills of the year .
this is my favorite photograph , because it was done tuesday when i was going to go to the students .
and with that , it &apos;s just the same .
you could actually -- -- we don &apos;t go to this .
it &apos;s a very reactive .
and he asked a very important question .
and i &apos;m going to show you the 15 million dollars .
you see the stem cells coming out .
many of these patients are hard to burned .
the european union , the same .
and even though i don &apos;t have patents , so much of me , they &apos;re going to meet some of my inventions today .
you know , of course , what that means .
and they &apos;ve been going to have all this progress in so short time . they &apos;re all so young .
thank you all .
in school -- in fact , i have an organization that makes a sense of a business that makes you know how you &apos;re here , you would really like it and like that .
she was also very fancy , but she was so full of the same .
my daughter -- my daughter wrote this , she said , &quot; start your talk always with humor . &quot;
i &apos;m a lesbian . &quot;
i want to hold your hand .
and then i finally got a call that i should talk to you about the next year , i &apos;m going to talk to you .
and i thought , if i could write books , where this world was small and connected , maybe i could maybe be people for the problems that all affect us , and maybe they &apos;re going to move to better than better .
and john said , &quot; bet good people who do good .
there was no specific media company focused on public interest .
i thought the problem was coming in in the wild years .
i learned that there &apos;s not only a proper way to change change .
what do you think many policemen are on this taxi ? well , three .
now you &apos;re looking at this . this is the most important thing .
yes , the medical advice of the world &apos;s office , &quot; yes , i told you , that &apos;s not going to be , i can &apos;t see that . &quot;
this is our first patient , just out of the street , and now look at this chair !
these are the most popular of my device , or our own business system .
i have to serve . &quot;
this is in the scottish parliament .
they &apos;re putting them on a very special diet and treated them with big care .
his app was only a little bit more inclusive than he won the prize prize .
but there were many debates in tunisia , as you should be , that &apos;s what you should be doing .
so we have the situation in the world today where more countries are given the relationship between the citizens and the government about the internet , which is being managed by largely private service .
rebecca pugh : let &apos;s get the internet back !
they usually won the four years to the most common and in the rings in the olympics , and they were the big celebrities of communism . with a great lifestyle , that was associated with this .
the european union , the fruit of globalization , started harvesting the fruits of globalization , and they turned out to be the richest of the richest in the history of 500 million people in the history of the story .
from 1994 , seven years , 20 of these boats were the axis of the mid-ocean boats , every single night .
let me get to the camel &apos;s office of organized crime .
i &apos;d like to introduce you to mr. &apos;s more .
they affect our bank bank .
i mean , if i &apos;m a good job of a good , i have to believe that there &apos;s a reason for it .
this was very popular . they didn &apos;t want to go back to the beginning .
it has waited since 1960 , as a writer , a marine biologist , a marine biologist , said , &quot; i think our ancestors may have lived for a time in the water . &quot;
but it &apos;s just a way that it works in a direction .
and then the fact that we are stimulated .
for example , professor &apos;s name . he understood it .
so if it comes and when it happens , who &apos;s going to be on who or what does it take ?
first , i want to be able to make a look like this .
yeah , i was hanging down yesterday with a few of the things .
you see , in other people , and i have the feeling of other people , and i have a lot of inspiration that i get to get a lot of inspiration from the user .
this is called &quot; atheist . &quot;
online , you &apos;ve seen a lot of it .
and the most powerful and the legendary ze frank frank is a very highly fond of the , and he tells us what he &apos;s passionate about : people help to create with small , more powerful , and interact .
the answer is pretty strange .
so four : say , &quot; if you don &apos;t have any of the information , &quot; i offer my help .
and every time i talk about what i want to do at least briefly , why is the body of meaning .
so this particular instrument is called the most powerful instrument .
they &apos;re shrinking and melt at the same time -- and some are gone .
this would not be a big problem , because if we were in the blink of the field , we would bury our arguments , all invest , and we would invest , and find a way to get them out .
this is data from the radio of congress , showing the most powerful prediction of what would happen if the current conditions and trends continue to continue .
the rock is sacred , and when people circle together , they unite them , they can trust each other , they will be one .
so the most important thing that the most important and the knowledge of knowledge , for which the page you should agree with .
for many reasons , the decades of war ii were an historic time of world war .
there we are as a country .
we &apos;re going to be a nation with two classes .
this is really a social disaster , and the liberal are very concerned about it .
but they don &apos;t exist yet . so i have to make them .
they &apos;ve been in the architecture of the architecture for time .
you see this kind of thing that the protocell actually moves away from light and moving into the dark , and moving into the dark .
it &apos;s been made for me almost three decades of hospitals , and i &apos;m probably most proud of hospitals .
instead , i &apos;m a full-time professor for law school , psychology and psychiatric school at usc gould school of law , i have a lot of good friends and a beloved husband , who is here today .
i quote from my records : &quot; i had my classmates , and i had a friday in the friday room in the morning , where we wanted to work together on a homework assignment .
then they put me on the bed and legs with a bed of the bed .
i &apos;ve never met a more painful one that would have agreed to this view .
i could immediately let you go and do it in a very common way , and we could do it in a very common way .
the american prisons are full of people who are hard to be ill , and many of them are there because they never got a reasonable therapy .
so we decided to build a different car vehicle .
these are four billion hours of hours that are going to be missed alone in this country .
and i said , there were a lot of water , and not very many people .
the montana in montana has already done a lot to reduce their water use , but they still use millions of gallons of water .
he &apos;s paid to make the water in the stream .
i don &apos;t like to have a problem , without the acknowledge that work on the solution , so i want to highlight here , like &quot; mad men &quot; and films like &quot; crazy men , &quot; and the new ones , and the most diverse and diverse .
his name is matthieu eno .
i know there are other businesses in the world , but google is the environment that i know because i &apos;ve been 10 years of doing it , so i &apos;m going to use google as a case case .
so , it turns out that google is a company with compassion because googlers find that compassion makes fun .
you come in the morning , and you have three colleagues who choose to make a hospital in india , to build a hospital in india .
there are three steps .
and i hope that compassion is also going to be fun for you and profit .
but one day , the perfect case was , it was a very , very popular , which was sitting in front of her house .
i met with one of the most popular , which was the training of the training and radio hunt , which is the normal tendency in contrast to the defenders .
people often tell me , &quot; you know , this is wonderful , but it &apos;s highly insidious .
in the same time , you sometimes learn when you &apos;re sitting in the new yorker subway and reading this , and you read this kind of light and light feeling .
different parts of the world have a touch for different things .
and at the same time , the beautiful piece of the computer &apos;s work , which made these beautiful , and the most beautiful , and the most beautiful thing about it .
but the objects are touching the full of full of water , and it was really very broad , it was really wide wide .
even this chair you open and then put yourself , so you get your imprint , and that &apos;s the beautiful series of objects that are considered me to be seen from barcelona .
what has image to do with this ?
instead , they developed a very interesting approach to my education -- which is that they would send me to a school that they could barely afford to do .
my final story , and i have to go a little bit a little bit .
and he died when the ambulance was on the road to bring him into the hospital .
blogging is a way to do that .
just the leap .
and we africans have to start to question our leading politicians .
my cousin couldn &apos;t afford to afford school school , and it &apos;s very smart .
and if you don &apos;t take you , then you &apos;re wrong with what you don &apos;t .
it was the country for years between politics and religion .
so our political problems .
change and future leaders were shaped .
he helped in parol at a birth .
it &apos;s the heart of medical care .
i &apos;m going to sell this just to every clinic in the world .
now , when i got that , i was -- push the box -- completely , you know ?
now , in a few weeks , riley will be a big girl .
and as you can see , the life expectancy was a short time .
the life expectancy has gone on 78 .
this is the most best technology for this region : geneticists .
let &apos;s start with the water .
but they have to share that with the world .
the generation y seems to be a little bit more .
100 people gather together to a nonviolent march and an idiot or a brick or a brick , and guess who &apos;s captured from the cameras . this one guy .
and it &apos;s also about humor . humor is such a strong force that can turn the game on . he also played a very large role in poland .
now , the most popular thing is , how will it go on the arab world ?
and she said , &quot; i saw your talk in the live world .
i said , &quot; if 500 to 1,000 or 2,000 , my life is over . &quot;
there &apos;s nothing more than that .
and i see them .
and everybody broke out in applause and said , &quot; yes ! &quot;
i know your father was never in a refugee , he was singing singing .
the other thing that you need to know about shame is it &apos;s organized by the gender .
i said , &quot; yes . &quot;
we want to be with them and they want to be .
and if we go up and go ...
if i fell into the rice , i couldn &apos;t see that .
this helped us create a very ethical and very strong organization , and a system that supports them .
we have a simple digital digital camera in a very simple fashion system , and we &apos;re doing a kind of a kind of a medical system in a way to do a doctor .
our revenues are very much more quickly , which has a healthy profit , and that &apos;s what we &apos;re doing for a lot of people .
this is a difficult task .
for example , we can add digital content with physical mass .
wouldn &apos;t that be a way to make cell phones intuitive ?
it was as if they couldn &apos;t see me as if i was invisible .
and also , no one ever heard a national water , or seen this action , and this is what the creation means of new ways of seeing his and knowledge , because now they have this concept in their head .
as in bp , the hole will absorb the hole at least temporary , but not to demand a huge price .
don &apos;t be ashamed of that .
and it &apos;s also the story of modern capitalism , because it was the wealth of this country that created our system system , a system that can &apos;t survive without any growth growth and infinite supply of territory .
the oil is not liquid .
now , you may have more headlines like this .
great show . man , that was good !
bf : ... as well as in the left .
dh : all right , please stand here ...
rw : can i hold him ?
dh : just do it , say , &quot; do you know ?
dh : then go .
dh : the french judge ...
dh : i &apos;ve got it -- ... to put the club down there with my handle .
bf : from six on seven . dh : this is world record . bf : really ? dh : for us .
he &apos;s less known than the two , because he had this idea , mechanical design , and never built one .
but if you , you would see something that &apos;s very , very similar .
this is from a paper that she was translated .
there are plans .
you know the problem that we don &apos;t want to believe what we know .
we don &apos;t want to believe what we know .
second romeo and julia , and the , and the dismay , the zetas and diana , army and diana , who &apos;s love !
13 after i &apos;m sitting in the wheelchair now , i &apos;ve made more in life in the wheelchair than outside of him .
over generations , we have our children as well as millions of other species that live with us .
but it &apos;s not a normal movie .
but if i took a base on every pixel of this screen with the resolution of the x , we would need 3,000 screens , we would need 3,000 screens to take a look at the genome .
what does this mean for medicine ?
and so he sequenced the genome of his children .
it &apos;s because there would be somebody in the audience who wants to stop eating .
imagine , in 2100 , the leading candidate didn &apos;t just get their four years of ancient tax tax , but their personal genome .
and so i &apos;m going to ask you all , and i &apos;m going to take the genomic revolution and to influence the genomic revolution around you .
and we have a flexible , christmas nerd with a special , special , special , which remains in the solid part of the body , and moving the edges of the hip along .
hopefully it will allow us to see this technology , more of the future survivors .
on the branch , which is the rehearsal that &apos;s functioning in the box , they &apos;re going to release a switch of the gas and the willpower dies .
so , it &apos;s exciting . he can produce the 30,000 of the earlier possible species of time , so we &apos;ll be able to capture some new particles .
the most famous charge is the electric charge .
they tell us what changes are .
but that &apos;s how unified theories work .
many people think it &apos;s the most beautiful structure in mathematics .
the only way to get his mental health , in the middle of all of the uncertainty , and to experience happiness is to keep balance and a perspective in life . i have a perspective .
the patterns of dots that i showed you , actually describe symmetries of this kind of thing that moves , moving and on the surface of space-time .
and we also heard about the story of the human life of humanity through genetic engineering .
in the most important way , we find many , many examples of compassion , precursor to love and real altruism .
most importantly , i think it &apos;s to work with small groups of women , to give them the opportunity to give them the opportunity to be the recording of the computer .
and you know what i mean . i &apos;m talking about pollution .
take the most important for all the problems that we have to have the planet , in terms of the environment , and in social . it &apos;s a message of hope .
and unwanted pregnancies and similar things , which young people hear better from other teenagers than adults .
this change , this change . change is necessary when we care about the future .
working with the plastic , about the first eight years , some of my pieces started to fall apart and break into smaller water areas .
recycling . everybody &apos;s finished about his book about the idea of recycling ecology with the idea of recycling .
so i &apos;m here , and i &apos;m going to unveil our youngest and most successful attempt , which is in the middle of the development .
the author of the book is juan , our favorite , the most powerful , it &apos;s actually being accomplished by amazon .
and we knew that this was a political thing .
i lost a child with 15 years , a second , when i was 16 .
i know what it means to suffer , and if a crime is happening , a person should be fair to honor and punished . &quot;
but what if that wasn &apos;t that ?
and after a few of the time , i thought , but i finally thought that this was the bottle bottle .
add that . well , please .
okay . the bottle bottle is used by thousands of people around the world .
or we could use one of these .
mao tse tung described her as the european civil war , and that &apos;s probably a more accurate description .
my opinion , by the way , ladies and gentlemen , is that this is probably not possible by the creation of another .
they start to see the emerge of a world of a world .
but this is not the case .
the behavioral bonds , now , we had always .
but now one last thing .
but if you ask the most important questions today , how the optimal formula is for a long life , it might not tell you this .
it reminds me of my college .
and the research shows that this year of most of the time was free diseases , heart disease , cancer and diabetes .
they have what we want .
we &apos;re at half .
and for a while , we looked at the rift lobe of the world , where there &apos;s actually a high percentage of styrofoam .
instead , they talk about the next trip in nature , trade recipes , and yes , they pray .
it &apos;s been done on nine of us .
they tend to feed themselves to feed .
for the little example i &apos;m here in the hand , we &apos;ve used a solar system that &apos;s responding to my skin by lighting this little light .
so often amateurs , no experts , the inventor and the other things like mountain bike , the computer and the computer bike , planes ...
and then computers were still big , and they were only interested in scientists , and nobody &apos;s dreamed of having one home .
you just have your eyes to come through it .
i mean , he &apos;s been seen .
we &apos;ve been modeling the driver , and we studied .
and i said , &quot; i can &apos;t get them , but i can bring them into zero zero , in zero gs .
we had four main classes and two nurses in the airplane .
and actually , you can now show some images because i don &apos;t want to see myself on the screen .
no life , from the smallest life to us , would be without these little micro-machines .
i went on to a shower . i went regularly .
i didn &apos;t change . my iq wasn &apos;t down .
i was a writer .
so , basically , no family planning would accept if you don &apos;t survive .
and then we decided why not use religion , because on the philippines , the catholic church was quite strong , and the buddhist church is a very strong thing .
we launched our first business of 1975 , and the women who were organized it , said , &quot; we just want to borrow women planning .
you can call it the coca-cola , if you like . it &apos;s exactly the same thing .
and then aids in all schools , started in university .
and then here , with the american flag , &quot; don &apos;t go home . &quot;
these are things that are made by business .
can you imagine , you can get condoms in any starbucks ?
he can &apos;t be creepy or scary .
so i &apos;m going to do a picture now .
you can simulate this behavior in the browser , which romo is doing right here .
i want to tell you about my four minutes of the ted system .
people like you all here in this room .
she went elegant , like a giraffe in the african savanna , the flag on her shoulder , and i was going to go back -- -- on the top of the street , the flag with a little arm , so my head disappeared under the damn thing .
i &apos;ve worked my whole life with women and women .
jenny is clear that the only solution is to pull the bad teeth .
it brings the women to plant new trees and to get to the plant , drop for drop .
women and children , especially the poor , are very bottom .
if you sell too early , you &apos;re going to get the profit , but if you wait too long , you fall down to all the time , the course goes down .
you can see the tips , but you can see .
the challenge for the most important player is whether he believes the other is fair or that he &apos;s going to be too little , so he thinks only one or two dollars to have a dollar .
now i &apos;m going to give you a couple of relatives .
we can try it . maybe we &apos;ll do that .
so what have we learned today ?
about 10 calories will need to eat a food system that we consume in the west .
so , how did a city like this ?
and in the east , in the east , in the east , they &apos;re offered to sell for sale . that &apos;s why it &apos;s called the water .
and at that point , our relationship is completely , both to the food and the cities .
the word of utopia used thomas moore .
so , a lot of the u.s. rights .
we need to understand that the world is also what we eat .
it &apos;s the source of all morality , this kind of imaginative act of the world &apos;s point of view , to put yourself on the site of another .
and i see that this is a tough intelligence , not just a sense of feeling .
in the current economy , we have skyscrapers -- two years &#91; unclear &#93; , a half to a million parts , a very complex , new , exciting technology from steel , concrete , glass .
the next project is that in question , and looking at the passive nature or the passive attempt to make a test .
basically , you have a chain of elements .
when i was in zurich , wisconsin , i thought a public talk was a group of students in middle school .
often we &apos;re looking for the drug systems like flu , like flu .
there are unknown everywhere , and it &apos;s just waiting for us to be discovered .
now , could we please turn the light off , so we can see it ?
so we &apos;re chemical , which is different , and our species have a chemical structure .
but i have to say -- and i &apos;m asking to bear , richard -- that i never liked biological media , and i think we &apos;ve been going to have a few hundred million years of this .
everybody &apos;s talking about things , a reduction of the world &apos;s survival system to wash every price .
he realized that it &apos;s possible to make different laws that allow the economy to allow small profits to have the incentives to win more customers .
both are dark compared to puerto rico , which has half the people who have half the people than haiti or the u.s.
one of these zones of hong kong is hearing shenzhen .
people can come to live under the charter , but nobody is forced to do it .
so much of those of you who have understood the idea of special people can be able to participate in rules .
how would we write a treaty like this ?
you thought in genomics a little more than 10 years ago that you could have sequenced this year between three and five genomes , and it &apos;s already hundreds of them .
if there &apos;s a lot of non-zero-sumness , they &apos;re very much more green .
the number of common genes spread a little bit when we ignored a parasite , and it was even bigger if we focused on certain kinds of genes , on the surface of the genes .
it &apos;s going to be a genome that has broken up to a radiation , which was broken up with the chromosomes in small pieces , within 12 to 24 hours .
let me close with ethical and political research .
of course , that &apos;s worth waiting for the marshmallow .
we call them &quot; triple &quot; . they focus on what will be .
and it &apos;s also me . i grew up as a poor child of a family family in the south bronx , and everyone lived in the past and in the present .
let &apos;s take a drug .
here &apos;s a beautiful picture of the world &apos;s largest , the largest largest , the largest , the largest thing in the way .
it &apos;s cold , and it &apos;s a cold , and maybe it &apos;s raining , maybe you &apos;re going to be on the shore of a football system with a computer of light .
i can &apos;t tell you how that was , the first images of the probe of the surface of the surface , which was what we saw .
so here we see a film from the galapagos , which shows these dunes , and these dunes are 100 feet tall , have a distance from some kilometers and increase and increased and miles and miles .
now , the earth is still the only planet where we know it &apos;s life .
they had lost 40 percent of their country , and they &apos;d have been around , so they had no more access to the rest of the west bank .
so , this is a peaceful march .
so we organized a demo .
they needed only four days .
and as the rest of the brain is made of neurons .
in fact , in the hippocampus of the hippocampus , you actually find cells that are in the hippocampus , which are really responding to the limits of borders or edges in a certain distance and direction to the rat , if you study the environment .
and this would be shown by fire the fire of the ice .
he wasn &apos;t the only man who was suffering in america without a single , and he was certainly not the only great speaker of his time .
and why would someone care about it ?
people don &apos;t buy what they do , but why they do it .
the neocortex is responsible for all our rational and analytical thoughts and language .
it &apos;s always the same three things , so let &apos;s look at it .
and if you talk about what you believe , you will put them together , you think what you believe .
the reason that people bought an iphone in the first six hours , for six hours in the queue , was their worldview , and their will , and their will , they were the first . they were the first .
people don &apos;t buy what they do , they buy why they do it , and what they &apos;re doing is just as proof of what they believe .
and , by the way , he gave me the &quot; i don &apos;t have a dream &quot; i have a plan &quot; i have . &quot;
i &apos;m never going to forget how cartoons in the field of the screens are going to be .
when this office for the office of washington , d.c. , the hospital hospital , they were the hospital hospital , they were a little bit of the time .
and we decided to use recipes to this purpose .
what if we had a waiting room in which you don &apos;t just sit in the room , if you &apos;re sick , but you &apos;re going to be healthy .
and they leave these with the belief , the ability and the effectiveness , our most fundamental hopes in health care in the world .
i think that last day , when we evaluate our health care , it &apos;s not the ill , it &apos;s been measured , but the disease that has been prevented .
the power of it is a real danger in the world , but that &apos;s in the indian ocean .
we &apos;ve caught it with this kind of thing . we were on board six tons of cocaine .
85 percent of you can &apos;t read if you enter the afghan .
multiply the internet system that &apos;s using the private cooperation with security forces , as security can be created in the world completely different .
do i really do .
remember , this is a fun thing to do , when the most popular ones were . you know , count the dots for the gore , count the dots for bush . count again .
the circles represent the countries .
some countries have already had statistics .
but we need to have a whole piece of the united states to find the same health that there are today on the philippines .
it &apos;s changing .
this looks like a happy story .
what you &apos;re making here -- which is the height of your daily life .
it &apos;s about having food .
it &apos;s this stupid concept of developing the developing world that we , argentina and mozambique 50 years ago , and said that mozambique has evolved worse .
governance . a government has a government -- that led california from the north pacific of 1850 .
and i showed the approach to how the seemingly impossible is possible .
and the enemy is quite weak .
we &apos;re -- despite skepticism , in afghanistan , in afghanistan .
&quot; it &apos;s not an ideal world . &quot; &quot; and your government doesn &apos;t bring us step closer . &quot;
how would a set of rules look like this ?
what we need in the back is a more powerful computer system .
do you want a better system ?
and the doctor he says he &apos;s not going to move that way .
&quot; who &apos;s going to attack us , the end of the world . &quot;
the leviathan force is just just left from his pen .
it &apos;s a lot of time .
air force , strategic , profound .
thomas barnett : a new way to peace
i don &apos;t want to get them too disappointing .
here you see the most ancient in the early stages of the early , which brought a lot of sulfur into the stratosphere with a kind of nuclear weapon .
this report ended up on president , and i was two years old , in 1965 .
but let &apos;s say , you have sunlight , which is true on particles and it &apos;s testable .
i don &apos;t think that &apos;s going to happen . it &apos;s not very likely .
and we continue to move on this scenario and move away from the current climate .
not just about how we do better , but what are the risks and side effects ?
here you see a fish with shining , recyclable eyes .
really incredible . here &apos;s two males fighting .
and so i came up with her friendly invitation just two days ago from the himalayas .
but if you look at the literature in east and west , you &apos;ll find incredibly different definitions of happiness .
well-being is a deeper sense of serenity and fulfillment , a state that actually collapses all the states and all the enjoyment and all the pleasures and the pleasure that we can do .
we know that we can be able to be in something that we can call &quot; little paradise , &quot; and in the inside , it can be completely unhappy .
the mirror allows you to do it , but the mirror is not being modified , it &apos;s not changed by these images .
if you do that again , your tendency to get the anger back to the anger , and you get to get it up , you get it down , lower .
of course , we do this with the training of objects .
we &apos;re ready to get 15 years to our education .
it &apos;s really a huge for us .
it &apos;s a place of a place . it &apos;s good designed .
you can see exactly what &apos;s going on at night at night at night .
not just just just just a cartoon of the sierra nevada , not just a cartoon of the sierra nevada .
this is actually a television that &apos;s the time that we &apos;re normal , &quot; we &apos;re normal . &quot;
we &apos;re going to -- we have a system that would be ashamed of the exaggeration !
one last statement -- that &apos;s been a concern for me , but i think it &apos;s particularly important for this audience .
at this point , we &apos;re about two days from the entrance .
this is a little bit of a plastic cycle .
the ice can be between five and 25 miles deep .
the most important thing to see is the same thing , and the back , so it can do new amounts of energy , while it still keeps the eye , which has been left behind .
for that , they would pay 10,000 dollars in orbit .
that says that you move 10,000 feet a second faster than you actually want to go back to the gas station .
with the right support , it can be done in seven years .
i suppose you &apos;re not going to throw me from the stages , because you asked the question .
they also formed a few companies where the brand doesn &apos;t work so well .
rb : no .
we have a video that shows what they &apos;re planning , and virgin &apos;s air in the air .
he wanted to jump , or he said , &quot; i &apos;m going to go away , &quot; i &apos;m going to go away ?
ok , that &apos;s not hard .
i mean , there are many wealthy people who have children , and we have this dilemma , as we should educate them .
rb : our main ancestors , we &apos;ve got to realize that it actually forget the priests , and here &apos;s the sex of the priest .
fifteen people filled our forms and said they would try it .
no , i want to live my life in all the abundance .
